Brady Allred: Alright, so my name is Brady. I am an instructional designer in the Training and Organizational Development Department. Excited to be with you today. Brady Allred: Before we get going, just the standard Workday Safe Harbor statement. Brady Allred: Please note, this presentation may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Brady Allred: Please do not rely on these statements. Workday assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Any unreleased services or features mentioned are subject to change or may not be delivered, so purchase decisions should be based on services and features currently available. Brady Allred: To get started, welcome to the Banking and Settlements Customer Confirmation Session 2. Brady Allred: We'll be demonstrating additional Workday business processes here. I've shared a PDF of the presentation in the chat. We're just asking that you use that for your own reference and not distribute it or make it available. Brady Allred: brief agenda for today. I'm going to give a few introductions to our Banking and Settlements team, and then Brady Allred: I will also go over the session overview and objectives, and then hand it off to Colin, who will talk about the functional area overview and get us going with the demonstrations, which is why we're all here. Brady Allred: After each demo, there will be a Q&A. I will be fielding the chat for those questions, but we ask that you hold any verbal questions to the end. Brady Allred: And we'll go to that point. Brady Allred: So… Banking and settlements team, we have Laura Ling, our UF Finance Workstream Lead. Brady Allred: Ana Maya Ruiz, our UF Senior Team Lead, Colin Trumbull, the UF Banking and Settlements Lead, and then Maxine King, UF Banking and Settlements, UF IT Support. We're grateful that they've done a lot of work to put this together, and we're excited to see what they've got. Brady Allred: Just a few, front matter items. Wanted to go over the expectations for today. Brady Allred: Today, the expectations, it is… what today is, is a time to confirm configuration that has been added to tenants since the design sessions, and a demonstration of functionality in the future state. It's not the time for redesign, not the time to validate UF data, and not end user training. Brady Allred: We also ask that you remember to keep the seven pillars at the forefront of your minds in today's session as you digest its configuration and consider what it means for the 1UF vision. Brady Allred: We're also going to remind you of your role, is to collaborate with the Banking and settlements team representing 1UF to resolve concerns, be adaptable to achieve the 1UF vision, actively listen to the demonstration, and hold your questions until the Q&A of each demonstration. Brady Allred: Once again, feel free to post those in the chat, and I'll make sure that we address them during the Q&A portions. Brady Allred: And with that, I'll turn the time over to Colin. Colin Trumble: Hello, everyone. Thank you for coming to the second Banking and Settlements Customer Confirmation Session. Colin Trumble: There might be some new people in the audience, so, we'll recover this. Colin Trumble: When we say banking and settlements, we're talking about Colin Trumble: Importing bank statement data and reconciling it to Transactions in Workday. Colin Trumble: Recording miscellaneous cash transactions via ad hoc bank transactions, executing bank transfers, and when we say settlement, we mean transmitting payment files from Workday to the bank for processing. Colin Trumble: We're gonna give an overview of our bank reconciliation landscape for the future in the form of a flow chart. Colin Trumble: So in our future state. Colin Trumble: all bank statement data is going to be loaded from our banking hub, Kyriba, and then Colin Trumble: Upon statement load, we'll have a series of automated processes kick off. So, bank statement parsing, is capturing Colin Trumble: Information from the addenda that's useful for auto-reconciliation, so that could be text or strings of digits that are then placed in a reference field for auto-reconciliation consideration. Colin Trumble: Auto Recon… refers to… Colin Trumble: Our standard matching rules, so that's your one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one, and these rules are dependent on transaction amounts, references, and dates. Colin Trumble: And then we have first notice items. Colin Trumble: So, of the fallout from auto-recon, first notice items are going to consider Colin Trumble: markers for the transactions, like BAI code and addenda information, and Colin Trumble: If there is no system transaction already, and they meet the criteria for the first notice item rule, we'll get an automatically created transaction that reconciles with the bank line. Colin Trumble: Once all of the items on the statement are… are reconciled. Colin Trumble: The statement will be marked as complete, and that's just sort of a reportable field, meaning that there's no more transactions left to consider. If they're not all reconciled, manage exceptions will be available when you're reviewing the statement. Colin Trumble: So, now we'll move into some terminology that will be relevant for today's presentation. Colin Trumble: Bank statement, pretty straightforward. Workday will receive prior day bank statements in BAI2 format from Kyriba. BAI2 is just a standard language that's used by almost every bank. It gives us transaction codes that classify transactions, and it's structured in a Colin Trumble: consistent way. Colin Trumble: With addenda, and references. Colin Trumble: This is the same situation as PeopleSoft. Upon daily load, these statements will trigger automatic reconciliation processes and the execution of our first notice item rules. Colin Trumble: Bank reconciliation matching rules, so that's that… that box in the flowchart, automatic reconciliation. Colin Trumble: This is matching operational transactions to bank statement lines using the matching rules, which are, again, driven by references and amounts. Colin Trumble: Rule sets can be applied across bank accounts. Colin Trumble: And configured to include various matching rules, condition rules, and matching methods. So this is very similar to bank account reconciliation rules in PeopleSoft. Colin Trumble: Then we have our first notice rule. First notice rules determine whether an ad hoc transaction should be generated when a condition rule flags a bank statement line as a first notice item. Colin Trumble: This is pretty similar to bank statement processing in PeopleSoft. Colin Trumble: But with Workday, refreshed Notice Rule, and ad hoc bank transaction, we get a little more flexibility in business process, so it's opened up some opportunities for us. Colin Trumble: So, ad hoc bank transaction templates, facilitate the efficient creation of recurring ad hoc bank transactions. Colin Trumble: With common attributes. Colin Trumble: These templates can enable automatic population of standard values when you're making an ad hoc bank transaction. This is really similar to external transaction templates in PeopleSoft. Colin Trumble: And then we have non-customer deposit. Colin Trumble: Non-customer deposits are funds received from parties who are not defined as a customer within Workday. Colin Trumble: So this could be, like, cash proceeds from a sale. Colin Trumble: like, plants at IFAS or something, credit card receipts from a campus bookstore. Colin Trumble: Unlike customer deposits, which are managed through Workday's customer accounts module for invoicing and true AR scenarios, non-customer deposits are typically processed through Workday's ad hoc bank transaction process. So that's what we've set up. Colin Trumble: Alright, that's our current… that's our terminology. Now we'll talk about some differences between the current state and the future state. Colin Trumble: So, in current state, PeopleSoft's reconciliation module is only really used by uFloor. It's used to a limited extent by Foundation and the Research Foundation. They're able to run their payables through there to keep outstanding checklists and make sure their ACH batch is cleared. Colin Trumble: But uFloor's the only one that really does a true, complete bank reconciliation. Colin Trumble: All other reconciliations are managed across various separate systems, or manually in spreadsheets. Colin Trumble: In our future state, We should have prior day statements for every company. Colin Trumble: transmitted from Kyriba into Workday, enabling all companies to perform reconciliations directly within Workday. Colin Trumble: In current state? Colin Trumble: Deposits are processed through PeopleSoft's Accounts Receivables module. Colin Trumble: In future state. Colin Trumble: Not all deposits will be processed that way. Direct… distinct workflows will be established for customer deposits and non-customer deposits. Colin Trumble: Also in current state, all deposits are created manually. Colin Trumble: In our future state, non-customer deposits will be automatically generated from bank statement data, with departments responsible for reviewing, editing if needed, and approving. Colin Trumble: So, that's our, terminology, and we can move into… Our first demonstration. Colin Trumble: So, for our first demonstration, we'll be looking at Colin Trumble: Automatic bank reconciliation and some of the processes that go along with it, how we deal with exceptions. Colin Trumble: In this scenario, bank statement data has been loaded into Workday. We want to view the statement, run automated reconciliation and first notice rules, and we then want to review exceptions from the automated processes and manually reconcile a transaction. Colin Trumble: We'll be logged in as Hiran Patel, his security role is Bank Reconciliation Specialist. And to start out, we're just going to kind of look at some of the setups that drive this stuff. Colin Trumble: So, I will start to share screen now. Colin Trumble: So this is something most of you have probably already heard, but it's standard language for these presentations. Colin Trumble: Proxying is something that we will not be able to do in production. This is just for testing purposes. Colin Trumble: So we'll start with Find Bank Accounts Report. Colin Trumble: Which is where we'll be able to… Colin Trumble: Look at all the accounts for a given company, and look at the configurations that are in place for them. Colin Trumble: And we will take a look at UFloors. Colin Trumble: Accounts? Colin Trumble: Here they are. Colin Trumble: And we'll look at concentration. Colin Trumble: Now, this is something that we saw in customer confirmation session number one, but we really didn't have anything going on on the reconciliation page. Colin Trumble: Now we've got some stuff in here. Colin Trumble: So… Colin Trumble: We've got perform automatic bank reconciliation on load. Of course, we do not have our integration with Kyriba built yet, so we don't have statements loading to trigger automatic reconciliation, so we will be kicking it off manually. Colin Trumble: We have our standard bank matching Bank statement matching rule set. Colin Trumble: I'll give you a look at that. So, this is where we configure… Colin Trumble: The tolerances for our one-to-one, many-to-one, many-to-many matching rules. Colin Trumble: Right now, this is pretty much stock, vanilla delivered, and we have it applied to every account that we've configured. Colin Trumble: As we have our integration built, and we're actually able to test these things, we may identify different needs and scenarios for different companies, so we may make more than one rule set. Colin Trumble: As we continue testing. Colin Trumble: Back to our configuration page. Colin Trumble: Our first notice item reconciliation is set to run after auto-reconciliation completes, so even though I don't have the integration built, it's going to kick off automatic reconciliation. Colin Trumble: by itself, first notice rule sets will run after I manually kick off auto-reconciliation. Colin Trumble: And just to give you a look, here's our first notice rule set. Colin Trumble: This is the UFLOR First Notice Rule Set, and you can see it's only applying to U4 accounts. We have actually developed a few different rulesets with specific needs of different companies in mind. Colin Trumble: Some people have some different agendas going on, so we've gotten there for them. But… Colin Trumble: Some of the things that are going to be relevant for our presentation, we've got, you know, transactions in the concentration account, interest, bank fees, ZBAs, the classics, and these are some of our, Colin Trumble: deposit. Colin Trumble: first notice rules that we'll get into later. But to give you an idea of a first notice rule. Colin Trumble: we have… Condition rules, the logic for the condition rules, are down here. When these conditions are met. Colin Trumble: This is configured to, yes, create an ad hoc bank transaction using this template. Colin Trumble: So our conditions are statement line type code, which is BAI code, in other words, 354 interest credit, and addenda containing the word interest. Colin Trumble: And when this rule fires, this template will be used to create a transaction. We've got some FDM values that we want to see recorded for, Colin Trumble: an interest injection. Colin Trumble: These are not actual FDM values that will be used. FDM's still under construction, I think. I didn't check again. Colin Trumble: So now that we've kind of reviewed some of the core setups for automatic reconciliation slash first notice rules, we'll go look at a bank statement. Colin Trumble: And we'll use the Find Bank Statement. Colin Trumble: Reports… Colin Trumble: And we'll just look at concentration for starters. Colin Trumble: So I'm gonna open the bank statement. Colin Trumble: We can see its status is reconciliation in Progress, meaning that there are exceptions, there are transactions that have not been reconciled. When a statement is completely reconciled, it will say approved. Colin Trumble: So looking down at these transactions, we have a variety of concentration-y type transactions. We have ZBAs, they're account sweeps, we have some fees. Colin Trumble: We have these mysterious adjustments. Colin Trumble: Interest adjustment debit and credit, and then we have some regular interest credits. Colin Trumble: So we'll, run automatic reconciliation. Colin Trumble: By clicking these dots… Colin Trumble: And this is fun, because there's a refresh button. Colin Trumble: And there's a progress bar. Colin Trumble: Okay, so, it's complete. Colin Trumble: And we can see that some of them reconciled. Colin Trumble: Still in progress. Colin Trumble: And we have some exceptions. Colin Trumble: In a real bank statement, there might be, you know, hundreds of transactions with, exceptions mingled among them, so it's really nice that you can just click Manage Bank Reconciliation Exceptions and see your two exceptions for the statement. Colin Trumble: But going back over here real quick… Colin Trumble: We can, see the transaction reconciliation detail. Colin Trumble: And we can kind of see what rules were in play. Colin Trumble: and what transactions these bank statement lines were reconciled to. So we can see that… Colin Trumble: We've got ad hoc bank transactions created. Colin Trumble: for the ones that were captured by first notice rules. And these two are just hanging out. Colin Trumble: So now, we'll click Manage Bank Reconciliation Exceptions to look at our exceptions. Now, these are, interest credits with unusual interest credits and debits with unusual BAI codes. They are something that occurred when we switched between banks, and they were actually adjustments to the interest that we earned. Colin Trumble: Very unusual, and it is realistic they would not be captured by a first notice rule. Colin Trumble: But… Saying, I've done my research, I know what they are, and I know that they're just interests. Colin Trumble: We have the option to… Colin Trumble: Go right into creating an ad hoc bank transaction by clicking the line, which is nice. Colin Trumble: And when we do that, We can create it from a template. Colin Trumble: And we can use our eFloor Interest template. Colin Trumble: Click OK. Colin Trumble: And there's all our… Colin Trumble: Prescribed values. We do have the ability to make changes if we want. We do have validations firing on this, because it wasn't actually created by a first notice rule, so when a bank reconciliation specialist does enter an ad hoc bank transaction manually, it's going to go to the cash operations lead for approval. Colin Trumble: So that's been submitted. Colin Trumble: for approval. Colin Trumble: And now we just have this other exception. Colin Trumble: Of note, you will get suggested matches just by kind of looking at the options for the transaction. Colin Trumble: So, earlier in testing, I was, you know, testing templates and everything, and I actually did create a transaction that matches this. Colin Trumble: So I could click reconcile, Or I could give you a tour of manual reconciliation. Colin Trumble: And so, manual reconciliation, we can enter parameters, we can enter different statement dates, for bank statement lines and reconcilable lines, and we'll get to a screen that's Colin Trumble: Kind of familiar to people who have seen PeopleSoft reconciliation. Kind of looks like semi-manual reconciliation from PeopleSoft. Colin Trumble: But on this screen, we can select bank statement lines. Colin Trumble: And system send transactions, manually. Colin Trumble: And then reconcile them. Colin Trumble: Okay… Colin Trumble: There was probably a better way to go back to the bank statement. Colin Trumble: That I just botched. Colin Trumble: Now, everything is in reconciled status, and this statement can be submitted for approval. Normally, this approval is going to happen automatically, but because there was manual intervention, we actually have to click submit for approval. Colin Trumble: And, so now we have, an approved bank statement. Colin Trumble: And the status is updated to approved. Colin Trumble: That's pretty much it for Demo 1. That's, some of the features of our automatic reconciliation, and some of the approaches we can take to manage exceptions. Brady Allred: Thank you, Colin. Brady Allred: So, this is our first Q&A portion. There aren't any in the chat, but does anyone have any questions for that first demo? Brady Allred: If not, no worries, we can move on to Demo 2. Colin Trumble: Okay, second demo, perhaps more, exciting. Non-customer deposits. Colin Trumble: So, like we defined earlier, non-customer deposits are transactions, they're incoming monies from people that we have not defined as a customer. So, we haven't sent this person an invoice, it's usually an over-the-counter type sale. Colin Trumble: So this business process is going to enable the initial creation of non-customer deposits to be automated based on bank statement data. Colin Trumble: These provisional transactions will be routed to cost center deposit specialists for review and approval. Colin Trumble: These transactions will automatically reconcile. Colin Trumble: In this scenario, a department has made deposits of cash and checks at the bank or via a check scanner, and has settled credit card transactions to the bank. Colin Trumble: The following day, when bank transactions are loaded, an ad hoc bank transaction will be created from a template associated with the department's location information from the bank statement, and routed to the department cost center specialist for proof. Colin Trumble: We're gonna be looking from two different perspectives, so we'll be hearing for a while, and… Colin Trumble: We will review some bank statements for these accounts. We're going to be looking at credit card and cash and check deposits. Colin Trumble: We'll look at some of the transactions, we will… Colin Trumble: create a first notice rule together, and then we'll look at the process from, Ramanita Vega's perspective. She's… Colin Trumble: Someone who does deposits for transportation and parking services? Colin Trumble: So, we will now look at the module. Colin Trumble: Okay, so we'll start by just looking at some basic things about the credit card account. Colin Trumble: And I didn't actually filter. Colin Trumble: Okay. We're looking at the 11-3 statement. We have… some transactions… We can see that… Colin Trumble: Maybe we can see. There are two flavors. There's American Express. Colin Trumble: And these are Visa, the ones that don't say American Express. Colin Trumble: And their individual ID number Is a unique identifier for their location. Colin Trumble: So, these two numbers are both for transportation and parking services, for the same location. Colin Trumble: It just depends on whether it's Amex or, Visa. So we have… Colin Trumble: Two different first notice rules, so we'll go look at our first notice rule sets. Colin Trumble: Again. Colin Trumble: So, here is our first notice rule for… Taps… 4… Amex cards. Colin Trumble: And you can see we're looking for the 165 pre-authorized ACH credit from the statement. Colin Trumble: and also their individual ID number for Amex. Transactions. And… When those conditions are met. Colin Trumble: The first notice rule will create an ad hoc bank transaction using this template. Colin Trumble: And this ad hoc bank transaction purpose, non-customer deposit credit card. Colin Trumble: Along with the fact that it was created by a first notice rule, will sort of put this ad hoc bank transaction into a… Colin Trumble: Different workflow, where it's going to be routed to the cost center deposit specialist associated with this cost center, rather than just auto-approving the transaction. Colin Trumble: So, here are some, you know, predefined chart-filled values. Colin Trumble: That we've entered, so when this template fires, that's what they'll get initially. Colin Trumble: So, we will go back to the bank statement. Colin Trumble: And run Audit Recon. Colin Trumble: Okay, we're done. Colin Trumble: Okay, so everything is showing reconciled now. If we look at the transaction reconcili… duration detail. Colin Trumble: We can see the templates that were used. Colin Trumble: We also had some set up for the design, construction, and Planning Fab Lab. Colin Trumble: In our earlier testing, but we've got, several credit card deposits created for taps here. Colin Trumble: And if we open one of them. Colin Trumble: We can see on the Business Process tab. Colin Trumble: That has been routed to our cost center deposit specialist. Colin Trumble: for approval. Colin Trumble: And review. And editing, if needed. Colin Trumble: So… Same story, a little bit different agenda for the cash and checks account. Colin Trumble: So, we've got some transactions. They have location codes. These location codes are associated Colin Trumble: They're a bank location code, so they're associated with deposit tickets and check scanners, for any given department. So those are… Colin Trumble: All tracked and managed by Banking and Merchant Services in terms of getting those to the units, and getting the location codes established and identified. Colin Trumble: So we'll go ahead and run auto-recon here. Colin Trumble: Okay, so we've got some exceptions, Colin Trumble: We don't have the 680401s reconciling. Colin Trumble: I know that that is for transportation and parking, so we need to create a first notice rule that's going to make that happen. Colin Trumble: For the sake of time… Colin Trumble: I… I've already created… Colin Trumble: A template that's been approved. Colin Trumble: It is… Either one of these. Colin Trumble: And you can see we've got that purpose, non-customer deposit, And we've got some values… Colin Trumble: And it's been approved by our cash operations lead. Colin Trumble: Today. Colin Trumble: Now we need to create a condition rule. Colin Trumble: And the condition rule, again, is the logic that's going to… Colin Trumble: You know, identify the markers on the bank statement. Colin Trumble: That are gonna make the first notice rule fire. Colin Trumble: Taps… Colin Trumble: Cash, check… For real. Colin Trumble: So we have to enter our logic here, so our source would be statement line type code. Colin Trumble: Which is another word for BAI code. Colin Trumble: Our relational operator. Colin Trumble: In the selection list. Colin Trumble: And our comparison value, 175… For a check deposit package. Colin Trumble: And then we'll add another line. Colin Trumble: And in our addenda… I always do that. Colin Trumble: In our agenda… We want it to contain. Colin Trumble: Deposit 680401 for transportation and parking's location. Colin Trumble: We'll click OK. So now we have a condition rule created. Colin Trumble: Now we need to create a first notice rule. Colin Trumble: That's going to tie that condition rule and that template together. Colin Trumble: We want it to create an ad hoc bank transaction. Oh, pick a bank reconciliation reason… Colin Trumble: We have to select our template. Colin Trumble: That has been created. Colin Trumble: Go with that one, and our condition rule. Colin Trumble: And now we have the logic and the template, and… Colin Trumble: That it should create a transaction all tied together. Colin Trumble: But, if we ran it now, it still wouldn't work, because we have to add this rule to our first notice rule set. Colin Trumble: for U4, which is applied to the account in question. Colin Trumble: So we'll go look at the rule set for youth lore. Colin Trumble: And we will edit it. Colin Trumble: Maybe. Colin Trumble: Oh, two lines. Colin Trumble: And… we will find… Colin Trumble: our newly created First Notice Rule. Colin Trumble: And now, it's in our list of first notice rules that are applied to the selection of accounts for U4. Colin Trumble: So now… when we run. Colin Trumble: Automatic reconciliation on that bank statement. Colin Trumble: Okay. Colin Trumble: We have our transportation and parking transactions reconciled. Colin Trumble: By the first notice rule we created. Colin Trumble: And these transactions… Have been routed to our… Colin Trumble: Cost Center Deposit Specialist Raminita Vega, for transportation and parking. Colin Trumble: Okay, so we will go look at things from her perspective. Colin Trumble: And we can see she has some stuff awaiting her action. Colin Trumble: Look at her inbox… And she's got ad hoc bank transactions. Colin Trumble: Oh, I'm looking at the archive, that's not good. Colin Trumble: Okay, she's got ad augmented transactions. Colin Trumble: And they are. Colin Trumble: editable, we will see that it's locked as a deposit. Colin Trumble: Our transaction amount total is set. Colin Trumble: But, you know, almost everything else is going to be amendable. Now, these transactions will have the same required fields as every transaction, so they have to have Colin Trumble: Obviously, a company, a revenue category, ledger account. Colin Trumble: designated… Cost center, the whole standard package. Colin Trumble: But they will have the ability to, say, change the revenue category. Colin Trumble: Maybe this was for… Deciles? Colin Trumble: They could add lines, change taxability. Colin Trumble: You know, split it between funds. Colin Trumble: Pretty much anything you would want to be able to do with a deposit. Colin Trumble: And once they approve… So let's just say this was good to go. Colin Trumble: Okay… Colin Trumble: Mmm. Colin Trumble: Now, we've got our operational journal that's put… an actual journal down. Now. Colin Trumble: Those are showing as reconciled in reconciliation, but there wasn't really an operational journal until it was approved. Colin Trumble: So, we need reporting. Colin Trumble: So, we can find ad hoc bank transactions by cost center. Colin Trumble: So, from… maybe, from… The cost center perspective, you would want to run for your cost center. Colin Trumble: To see what's outstanding, you can do that. Colin Trumble: By looking for the status of in progress. Colin Trumble: And I can see that I have these deposits to complete. Colin Trumble: This is something that could be done centrally, too, looking at all cost centers to say, oh, these people have, Colin Trumble: You know, deposits in progress, they have money in the bank that they haven't actually finished depositing. Colin Trumble: And… Colin Trumble: Yeah. This, this process should, increase visibility for deposits. They're going to… Colin Trumble: definitely be entered in the system. They're definitely going to be on someone's plate. They're definitely going to be, like, visible who it's with. Colin Trumble: We are gonna have some… Colin Trumble: decisions, maybe, to make about, you know, who's associated with a cost center as the deposit specialist, so there will be a process that's coming where we have to work through with departments, you know, who's going to be your designated for this collection of cost centers that you might manage. Maybe you have multiple people that are in the mix. Colin Trumble: What do you want your template, your default template for the cost center to look like? Colin Trumble: We're also exploring the possibility of, Colin Trumble: Not having a revenue category predefined on the template, but still having it be a required field, so that would require active entry, you couldn't just push approve and let it go through with whatever it came with. Colin Trumble: So those are some things we're thinking about. Colin Trumble: But, you know, it's going to… we're going to have the same sort of, Colin Trumble: Approvals as other transactions, if there are grants and gifts tagged. Colin Trumble: And we're going to try to have logic like our current combo edit situation, where you'll get hard stop validations if you're doing a really wrong combination of FDM values. Colin Trumble: And, I think that's pretty much all I have to say. Brady Allred: Thank you, Colin. Brady Allred: Once again, no questions in the chat, but open for questions now. Laura Ling: So, Colin, what happens if… Somebody gets a check, kind of randomly, and makes the deposit, Laura Ling: And they, they… Laura Ling: don't have a template set up. Would we have to set up a template? Can we do a one-off match? What if they don't expect to do many deposits in the future? Colin Trumble: That's a question of how they deposit the check. So if they deposited the check using one of our defined location codes with Chase, there would be a template established. I'm not gonna… Colin Trumble: we're not gonna, like, let there be a location code without a template associated with it, I don't think. But if they did have Colin Trumble: a check. They could… Colin Trumble: bring it to the cashiers, I guess, for deposit centrally. That could be something that's done. We're going to have… Colin Trumble: Departments that do not have very much deposit volume and don't have their own deposit location now. Colin Trumble: So there's going to be a process where, cashiers or someone in banking merchant services is going to have… they do currently have a deposit booklet that's used by Colin Trumble: multiple… departments. There's not… it's not a defined location. Colin Trumble: So that would sort of be… Colin Trumble: something that Banking Merchant Services does in conjunction with departments. They would have to co-manage those ad hoc bank transactions that are created for the Banking Merchant Services deposit location. Laura Ling: Most of our depositors will have a location because of the way that we set up their depositing process. Laura Ling: And now they, they create a deposit Laura Ling: in the system, as well as actually depositing it somehow into the bank. Now they will deposit it into the bank, and the system will generate a kind of, Colin Trumble: At least the beginnings of a deposit, yeah. Laura Ling: the beginnings of a deposit based on what we've set up for them. So if we get a new department that has… we expect will have recurring deposits, we would set up them with a way to make those deposits. A location would be assigned, and we would give them a template. Colin Trumble: Yep. Laura Ling: It's pretty slick. Colin Trumble: Yes. Thank you. Colin Trumble: But yeah, there could be exceptions. I don't… I don't really know. I've never tried to actually go to the bank without one of our Colin Trumble: Deposit tickets, maybe the bank would give them one, and they could put one in, but… Colin Trumble: these are edge cases, and it's just something that are going to be exceptions that Banking and Merchant Services has to deal with, just like they have to deal with them now. Like, whose deposit is this? So it could, I think this is going to give us better visibility, Colin Trumble: you're not gonna have to crosswalk things from the bank statement to say, oh, who did this? It's already gonna be done for you in the system, you know, I open that, it's this cost center. Colin Trumble: So, yeah, I think there's a lot of upsides, and you know, probably after… Colin Trumble: Sprint 2 will really start, having longer-form discussions with Banking Merchant Services about Working with departments to… Colin Trumble: identify who's going to be responsible for their cost centers. Sometimes it's self-evident, you know, based on who's making deposits in PeopleSoft now, but maybe not. And then also, you know, what do you… how do you want your templates to look? So… Colin Trumble: Looking forward to that. Brady Allred: Give it just a second, see if anyone else has anything. Brady Allred: Alright. Brady Allred: Well, if that is the case, Colin has done an awesome job. Brady Allred: And we'll go ahead and wrap up. Brady Allred: Thank you, Colin, for sharing those processes with us. Brady Allred: Our next steps, we've listened to… we've listened for and captured your feedback during this session. The team will now determine how to incorporate that feedback, and more information will come on training in the future. If you have any other questions or feedback, you can visit this website, and there will be a place for you to fill out a form. Brady Allred: And we'll hear from you there. Brady Allred: Thank you so much, everyone. J.A. Lopez: Bye. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): I'm gonna go ahead and stop the recording. Brady Allred: Sounds good. Brady Allred: Thank you, Anna. I think that was… Smooth.