Colin Trumble: I don't know. Brady Allred: Okay, and then whenever you're ready to share. Brady Allred: I'm gonna turn off my audio, and you are good to go. Brady Allred: I may… pause you at times and ask questions for clarification, that's okay. Colin Trumble: Are you seeing my Workday browser window? Brady Allred: Yep. Colin Trumble: Okay, cool. Colin Trumble: So I may have reordered the topics a little bit, but I'm just gonna go… Colin Trumble: for, what I think is a logical progression of topics in the, banking area. Colin Trumble: So first, we have Create Financial Institution. This is a core task. Colin Trumble: It's basically used to set up and name a bank in the system. Colin Trumble: And we have to do this… Colin Trumble: To be able to create bank accounts. Colin Trumble: at that financial institution within the system. They have to be able… any bank account we create for Chase, there has to be a Chase financial institution created to associate that bank account with. Colin Trumble: to do this task, you need to have the security bank configurator. So I'm just logged in as myself, and I do have the security, bank configurator, so I'm going to search for create. Colin Trumble: Financial institution. Colin Trumble: And there's the task. Colin Trumble: And for our purposes, I'm just going to enter… Test… Bank. Colin Trumble: And click OK. Colin Trumble: And then, here, we can provide… Colin Trumble: you know, an abbreviation, so, like, if this was Chase, I might give it the bank code, JPMCB. Colin Trumble: But here I'll just say it's TB. Colin Trumble: We can add contact information associated with it, so, if we look at… one of, Colin Trumble: The examples of ones we've really created. Colin Trumble: We've got a little contact information. We don't have branch information, because we really only work with one branch of each of these institutions, and no attachments. So this is pretty limited. The main point of this is to name the financial institution. Colin Trumble: Give it a code for referencing, and then, then you're able to create bank accounts. Colin Trumble: Associated with that financial institution. So, pretty short and sweet here. Colin Trumble: Our next task is another core Colin Trumble: Setup sort of thing, core office. It's create bank account, so we've created a financial institution. Colin Trumble: Now we can create a bank account. Colin Trumble: So, we'll just call it, like, test… Disbursements, or something like that. Colin Trumble: And this is a bank account. Colin Trumble: We have to pick a country. Colin Trumble: And then everything with an asterisk must be completed. Colin Trumble: So, bank accounts are owned by companies That means, Colin Trumble: you can't have an account that's, like, an intercompany account that's jointly owned by two companies. They're discrete to one company or another. So for this, we'll say… Colin Trumble: U4 has a bank account. Colin Trumble: Its currency is US dollars. Everything is US dollars in Workday. We're not doing any international currencies in the system. Colin Trumble: Allowed payment types? Colin Trumble: This will determine the types of payments Colin Trumble: that can be issued from this account. If you attempted to create, a payment. Colin Trumble: For using an account with, A payment type that's… Colin Trumble: Not set up, it would fail to settle. Colin Trumble: So, this allows us to control… Colin Trumble: You know, if it's really just supposed to be a receiving account, Colin Trumble: we're not going to be able to issue a wire from it. Or if it's really just supposed to be our outgoing electronic payments account, we wouldn't have checks as an allowed payment type. Colin Trumble: So this just allows you to control the kinds of transactions the account could be used for. Colin Trumble: So we'll say ACH… Jack and… and, wire. I mean, this is… Just an example. Colin Trumble: And then here you see an account details. Colin Trumble: We have the country, but we have to pick our financial institution. Colin Trumble: So, we can pick any of the ones we've really set up, or Test Bank. Colin Trumble: And then, you also have to give the account a routing number and an account number. Colin Trumble: So we'll just put in some… some fake values here. Colin Trumble: And then, we have to pick a bank statement format. Colin Trumble: All of our statement formats are going to be BAI2, that's pretty much industry standard. Colin Trumble: For, reconciliation purposes, that's what we receive from the bank. Colin Trumble: And then, the only other piece that you really need to touch here is Colin Trumble: is advanced mode in reconciliation configuration. Colin Trumble: Advanced mode, it enables a bunch of reconciliation features, like first notice rules, automated reconciliation, Colin Trumble: parsing, if that's not checked, then you can't really use any of the reconciliation features, you would just kind of be… Colin Trumble: Manually, matching transactions. Colin Trumble: If you wanted to reconcile in the system. Colin Trumble: So, this needs to be checked on every account we set up. Colin Trumble: Across the board. Colin Trumble: any account. Colin Trumble: That we're going to be doing transmission for. Colin Trumble: So I've covered all my bases there, all the red asterisks have been filled in, and we've got advanced mode checked for reconciliation configuration. Colin Trumble: That's really all we have to do to, set up an account. Colin Trumble: Got it anywhere? Colin Trumble: Oh, I've already used that. I've already used this fake account number before. I copied and pasted it from my notes. Let me change that. Colin Trumble: Okay, there we go. We successfully created the account. Colin Trumble: And we don't have an approval on account creation here. This is a very core role, like. Colin Trumble: One or two people at the university will have it. Colin Trumble: And then we don't really see a risk here, because… Colin Trumble: it wouldn't really mean anything, without creating the account at the bank, and it has to go through all kinds of authorized signatory, things to happen. So, Colin Trumble: This is just a really core setup thing, so that's why it just sort of… Completed. Colin Trumble: Alright. Colin Trumble: So, changing gears a little bit from configuration stuff, bank configurator stuff. Colin Trumble: We'll go to more transactional stuff. Colin Trumble: We will talk about creating a bank account transfer for settlement. Colin Trumble: template. So, Workday has a couple of different, Two different… Colin Trumble: types of create bank account transfer tasks. One is for settlement, and the other is just create bank account transfer. And, the difference between those are, if you're just creating a bank account transfer, you're just recording the fact that a transfer has happened. Colin Trumble: These… this would be something that, happened outside of the system, like going to the Chase portal and saying, I want to transfer, money from this account to that account. Well, that didn't happen from Workday. That happened on the Chase portal, and you're going to use this bank account transfer task to just sort of record it. Colin Trumble: What we're talking about is bank account transfer for settlement, which means, when the transaction's settled, it actually… Colin Trumble: is part of a payment file that goes to the bank, and then money really moves between accounts, based on the action you took in Workday. Colin Trumble: So, to create these templates or enter these transactions, you're going to need to be a cash specialist, is the security role. So I'm going to start a proxy as a cash specialist. Colin Trumble: for you, Floor. Colin Trumble: I would also add here that cash specialist… Will be… Colin Trumble: At each component unit, so each company will have a cash specialist, Colin Trumble: And this is the one for you, Floor. Colin Trumble: Alright. Colin Trumble: So now I'll search for the task. Colin Trumble: create… Bank. Colin Trumble: account… Transfer… Or… settlement. Colin Trumble: Alright, here it is. Create bank account transfer for settlement template. Colin Trumble: And… we'll call this, you have to name the template. Colin Trumble: So, we'll call it Test… You floor… concentration… to… Digital. Colin Trumble: Payment. Colin Trumble: This will be in US dollars, we have to pick a transaction currency. Colin Trumble: We can pick the transaction type. Colin Trumble: And that payment type needs to be set up on the account, like how we talked about allowed payment types, that transaction type needs to be set up on the account that's being selected to send the money from. Colin Trumble: So, we'll pick ACH. I know that's good to go for these accounts. Colin Trumble: Our initiating company will be UFLOR. These are both UFLOR accounts that we're transferring the money between. Colin Trumble: The initiating account will be Concentration. The money's gonna go from concentration to digital payments. Colin Trumble: Then we just have to select a fund. Colin Trumble: We will select… Fund 800, Agency Fund. Colin Trumble: For this example. Colin Trumble: And we'll go to the… Digital… payment account? Colin Trumble: That account currency defaulted in. It's part of the account setup. Colin Trumble: And then also fund. Colin Trumble: 800 agency funds. Colin Trumble: Oh, I tried. Colin Trumble: fonts. Colin Trumble: What? Colin Trumble: There we go. Colin Trumble: It's a little squirrely. Colin Trumble: Okay, so that's all good to go. When the cash specialist submits this, it will go to the… Colin Trumble: Cash operations lead for the company that's initiating. So, in this case, Elizabeth Johnson's our cash specialist, she's, creating this template, it's going to go to the cash operations lead. Colin Trumble: Nathan Williams, Hunter Williams, for approval. Colin Trumble: So I will follow that process. Colin Trumble: And proxy in as Hunter. Colin Trumble: So that I can approve this template that, our cache specialist just created. Colin Trumble: Alright, here it is in my, Colin Trumble: Workflows inbox. I'm now the cash operations lead. I'm seeing the request. Colin Trumble: There could have been a comment here from Cash Specialist, I didn't do that, but… Colin Trumble: Could review that, can approve it, I can send it back for editing, with comment. Colin Trumble: Or I can deny it, which just flat out ends it, and Colin Trumble: The cash specialist would have to start from square one. Colin Trumble: In this case, I'll just approve it. Colin Trumble: And now, it's available for use. Colin Trumble: By the cash specialist. Colin Trumble: So, I will go back to being the cash specialist. Colin Trumble: Yay. Colin Trumble: I'll just create bank account transfer. Colin Trumble: No. Colin Trumble: I will click Create Bank Account Transfer for Settlement from Template. To be able to use the template I just created to create a bank account transfer, that's really going to settle. Like, get in a payment file and go to the bank and make money move between accounts. Colin Trumble: So, I'll look for our template… There it is. Colin Trumble: 100 dollar amount. Colin Trumble: And I'll say OK. Colin Trumble: Everything's pre-populated with our template values, with the funds, with the companies, the to-from account. Colin Trumble: So this is good to go. You could attach… Colin Trumble: something, if you wanted to. If you needed supporting documentation about what it's for, you have the option to attach it here. Colin Trumble: And I'll submit. Colin Trumble: And this will again go to our cash operations lead for approval. Colin Trumble: So, the idea here is that, you know, you're probably gonna have recurring account transfers for settlement, Colin Trumble: In this case, you know, this is one that really will be recurring. The digital payments account is what we use to send Zelles to research participants or stipend recipients, and it does Colin Trumble: Act as a standalone account, meaning it doesn't get automatically replenished from concentration. Colin Trumble: Its balance is static, it's really there at the end of the day, it doesn't get swept. So, from time to time, we have to make these transfers to fund it. Colin Trumble: And now we have a template created. Colin Trumble: That will speed that up. Colin Trumble: Once you've created, a bank account transfer for settlement, it's available for settlement, so we can… Colin Trumble: see the status of all of our bank account transfers by find… using the find. Colin Trumble: Bank… Account transfers report. Colin Trumble: I have to put in a company. Colin Trumble: Put a new floor. Colin Trumble: And here we can see… All the, transfers that are in progress. Colin Trumble: So here's the one we just entered, 326… Colin Trumble: Going from concentration to digital payments. Colin Trumble: It's got a status of in progress. Colin Trumble: As you go through the steps on it, you'll see that change. Colin Trumble: Other statuses are approved. Colin Trumble: And then we've got a waiting settlement. So, in progress means… not… Colin Trumble: approved by the transaction approver. A waiting settlement means it has been approved by our cash operations lead. Colin Trumble: But it has not yet been settled. Colin Trumble: And then approved means, you know, everything's done. Colin Trumble: Bank account transfers for settlement have a dedicated Colin Trumble: Automated settlement run, so they'll settle each day at 3 or 4 o'clock. There's 2 different runs. Colin Trumble: So there's no manual intervention that's needed. Colin Trumble: After, it's entered and approved. Colin Trumble: Those will settle to the bank. Colin Trumble: And post. Colin Trumble: Like I said, we also have just… Create bank transfer. Colin Trumble: Create bank account transfer. Colin Trumble: Very, very similar, it's just that it doesn't make it available for settlement. You see we have the same fields. Colin Trumble: We're gonna pick a to and from account and fund. Colin Trumble: Currency and amount. Colin Trumble: attached support, but this would be for a scenario where the actual movement of funds has taken place outside of Workday, and now we're just sort of recording the fact that it happened, so that we have something in the system to reconcile with the bank transactions. Colin Trumble: Also, this is… One of the places where we can do, intercompanies transactions. So, Colin Trumble: One of our key scenarios there is most of the component units pay their payroll through UFloor. Colin Trumble: They're UFloor employees, technically. Colin Trumble: And, Colin Trumble: So, on a pretty regular basis, each component unit is going to create a transfer from their company Colin Trumble: To the U4 company, and they would use Create Bank Account Transfer for Settlement. Colin Trumble: You would just have, you know, different companies placed in these two fields. That would really be the only difference. Brady Allred: You alright, Colin? Colin Trumble: Yep, just, you know, frozen for a second. I'm about to continue. Brady Allred: You're good. You're good. Colin Trumble: Okay, okay. Brady Allred: You're doing great, by the way. Brady Allred: Thank you. Colin Trumble: Thanks. Colin Trumble: Okay. Colin Trumble: We will pivot to some… Bank. Colin Trumble: statement… And, reconciliation. Colin Trumble: Topics… And, ad hoc bank transactions. So, we're gonna change security roles here. Colin Trumble: From our cash specialist to a bank reconciliation specialist. Colin Trumble: To talk through these topics. Colin Trumble: So, Proxian is here in Patel, a bank reconciliation specialist. Colin Trumble: Alright. Colin Trumble: So, for a… A bank statement event, a bank statement being loaded… Colin Trumble: This is a, this is a core process, it's not anything anyone in the departments would ever touch. Colin Trumble: And it's something that will be automated once, we have, Colin Trumble: our connections from Workday to Kyriba finalized and operational. Colin Trumble: Bank statements will be loaded automatically, and then a series of events will kick off automatically. But we'll just sort of talk through that. Colin Trumble: And we'll use a report called Find Bank Statements. Colin Trumble: Alright… And we'll just look for a U4 statement for… concentration. Colin Trumble: Okay, so that search… I searched by company and bank account, and I see two statements here. Colin Trumble: We've got the number of transactions, how many of them are reconciled, Colin Trumble: reconciliation status, you've got a couple of options there. It could be unreconciled, meaning nothing's been reconciled. This is what you would get the moment something's loaded, but as soon as some automated processes go through, hopefully you're not going to be completely unreconciled. Colin Trumble: When it's partially reconciled, you can see here we've got 2 unreconciled out of 12 total transactions. It has a status of in process. Colin Trumble: And when everything's reconciled, it'll have a status of reconciled. Colin Trumble: So to open the statement, you can click this magnifying glass here. Colin Trumble: And we get to this page, sort of a… Colin Trumble: the statement page. We have the beginning and ending balance of this statement's activity, Colin Trumble: And below, we can see the transaction detail. These are the transactions on the statement. Colin Trumble: But, Colin Trumble: If we click this Related Actions button here, we can see some of the things that would happen automatically, and Colin Trumble: One of them is run auto-reconciliation. Colin Trumble: This is going to… Colin Trumble: Put all the transactions on the statement through our auto-matching logic, which would just be, sort of, date. Colin Trumble: transaction type, Dollar amount in reference? Colin Trumble: And we'd need to see, you know, matching information on the bank and the system. Colin Trumble: And… we have things configured such that Colin Trumble: First notice rules would run automatically right after auto-reconciliation runs. Colin Trumble: First, notice rules are used to generate system transactions based on information from the bank statement. Colin Trumble: So, ZBAs are a great example. These have a predictable statement code and reference. Colin Trumble: About which account the transfers… Colin Trumble: You know, going to or from. Colin Trumble: And so we have… Colin Trumble: Series of first notice rules set up such that when this happens on the bank statement, this is a sweep that happens to or from the account every day. Colin Trumble: then… Colin Trumble: That notice rule will see these parameters, and then create a system transaction that records that this happened in Workday. Colin Trumble: So all of that's going to happen, automatically when a statement is loaded, which is something that will happen automatically, every, every night. Colin Trumble: So we will run auto-reconciliation here, just to sort of simulate what would be happening automatically upon statement load. Colin Trumble: And then assess the results. Colin Trumble: So, going back to the statement, we can see our reconciliation status has changed on a bunch of these transactions. Colin Trumble: From unreconciled to reconciled. Colin Trumble: If this was a very big statement. Colin Trumble: Like, with hundreds of transactions, you could go to… Transaction reconciliation detail. Colin Trumble: Oh, that's not what I meant to say, sorry about that. If this was a big statement with hundreds of lines, and just some of them were unreconciled, you could go to Manage Reconciliation Exceptions to just look at the exceptions. Colin Trumble: I'll go. Colin Trumble: Back to the statement, though. Colin Trumble: And… Colin Trumble: I was saying… Colin Trumble: Yeah, okay, so with these exceptions, we'll kind of pivot topics. I think, I mean, I've pretty… I think I've covered what happens when a bank statement's uploaded, so, and this would be sort of reviewing bank statement lines. That's how you would do this. You would use the Find Bank Statements report, and Colin Trumble: Pick a statement. Colin Trumble: Alternatively, if you… for the topic of review bank statement lines, you could… Colin Trumble: Use the Find Bank Statement Lines report. Colin Trumble: This would be something you would use if you wanted to have filtered criteria, like. Colin Trumble: I want to just look at… concentration account… Colin Trumble: You could give it a date range, or… statements. Colin Trumble: Statement dates. Colin Trumble: Or, you could just say, I want to see… Colin Trumble: just CBA debits, or I want to see just checks for this account, or just wires. So, this gives you the ability to filter and look at a type of transaction, or, you know, dollar amount Colin Trumble: Or reference, over a date range that you select. Colin Trumble: Pivoting topics a little bit, but still in the same vein, Colin Trumble: We have these exceptions on the bank statement, Colin Trumble: This is an example of where we would use an ad hoc bank transaction if we really were left with this. Colin Trumble: On the statement. Colin Trumble: This is something that's happened on the bank statement. Colin Trumble: But there is no system transaction to match it to. Colin Trumble: It's an interest adjustment. Colin Trumble: And, we have… we can click this Related Actions button, We can get… Colin Trumble: Suggested matches… Colin Trumble: This is a test transaction that I made for it, so, I mean, there is a suggested match. Colin Trumble: Or, let's say there was no suggested match. Colin Trumble: You could create an ad hoc bank transaction from the screen. Colin Trumble: And it will pre-populate. Colin Trumble: Now… This is an interesting example, because… Colin Trumble: It is interesting, but it's just a different type code than normal. This is something that happened when we transitioned between banks, so it's a little unusual, the type code that was used. Colin Trumble: So, let's say I know this is interest, I know we have an interest template, because interest is a recurring entry from the bank statement. Colin Trumble: I could… Create an ad hoc bank transaction template. Colin Trumble: And I could pick University of Florida Interest, click OK. Colin Trumble: And that ad hoc bank transaction template will pull in, Colin Trumble: Pre-populated values on the ad hoc bank transaction line. Brings in the amount. Colin Trumble: Revenue category, ledger account, Designated, cost center, fund, program, etc. Colin Trumble: So this is an example of where we would use an ad hoc bank transaction. Colin Trumble: And, a true reconciliation sense. Like, we've got something on the bank statement that Colin Trumble: Isn't going to be recorded in the system any other way, so we're going to use an ad hoc bank transaction to record it. Colin Trumble: So, you can submit. Colin Trumble: And that'll go to the cash operations lead for approval. Colin Trumble: This should be a relatively rare circumstance that a bank reconciliation specialist would have to enter these. We want… we are striving to have first notice rules or reconciliation rules that account for almost Colin Trumble: Everything. Colin Trumble: That is, you know, recurring on the bank statement. But from time to time, Colin Trumble: A manual ad hoc bank transaction will have to be created, and the bank reconciliation specialist is the one with the security to do that. Colin Trumble: So, from there, we'll kind of pivot to another… Colin Trumble: Ad hoc bank transaction topic, Colin Trumble: This is a little bit of a different use case, but it is the same process. Colin Trumble: Essentially. And it's for non-customer deposits. Colin Trumble: So… For non-customer deposits, we've, elected to use a… Colin Trumble: first notice rule in conjunction with location codes that are set up at our banking partners. So, like, Chase Bank has location codes. Colin Trumble: That are associated with the materials used to deposit. Colin Trumble: Cash and checks, so you've got deposit tickets that have location code numbers, Colin Trumble: Or scanners that are associated with a location code. Colin Trumble: And then, if it's an incoming credit card transaction, then we're gonna have first notice rules associated with a merchant ID. Colin Trumble: In all of these cases that we're talking about, they're non-customer deposits. Colin Trumble: Meaning that we haven't invoiced these people. These are over-the-counter sales. Colin Trumble: sales of goods, or someone who's not defined as a customer in Workday. Colin Trumble: So… Brady Allred: phone. Colin Trumble: Sir? Brady Allred: Is this, process… Brady Allred: I don't have any notes on this, if this is core office or unit. I know it's non-customer, so I… Colin Trumble: There is a unit process Colin Trumble: There are core office touchpoints, in that the core office is going to have to set up the ad hoc bank transaction templates and the first notice rules that are associated with the bank's location codes. Colin Trumble: And then from there, it's really just… Colin Trumble: As bank statements are loaded, and transactions have those location codes. Colin Trumble: The first notice rules are going to create transactions that are sent to Colin Trumble: Our department personnel with the security role cost center deposit specialist, and then they will be able to disposition the transaction from there. Colin Trumble: So, setup is core for this. Departments can't set this up themselves. Colin Trumble: But, the processing and everything is happening at the department level. Colin Trumble: So… . Brady Allred: And is that really… that seems like really the only unit BP for banking. Colin Trumble: That's correct. That's really our only Unit BP for banking, and… You know, settlement, I guess, Colin Trumble: You know, the department… Touchpoints to settlement are really kind of in the spend vein. Colin Trumble: It's creating purchase transactions and everything. Colin Trumble: And while it does touch settlement, which is, you know, my purview, Colin Trumble: the processing is really, like, spend-oriented. That makes sense. Okay? So… Colin Trumble: Whoa. Brady Allred: Good to go. I'll stop interrupting you, sorry. Colin Trumble: No, you're good, that's… thank you for, clarifying, thanks. It's good. Colin Trumble: So, we'll start with… A credit card, bank statement. Colin Trumble: For you, Floor. Colin Trumble: And here's one, reconciliation in progress. We've got 7 transactions that are unreconciled. Take a look at the activity. Colin Trumble: So, these are… Colin Trumble: Essentially, what the addenda for credit card tran… these are… these are real addenda for credit card transactions. Colin Trumble: And, these are the type code. Colin Trumble: So on our BAI2 statement, 165 means. Colin Trumble: Pre-authorized ACH credit, which is the settlement of all the activity from a credit card machine to the bank account. Colin Trumble: That we use. Colin Trumble: In this agenda, There's a unique identifier. Colin Trumble: After individual ID number. Colin Trumble: Oh, I should say we have two flavors. We have American Express, and then we have… Colin Trumble: I guess everything else. Visa, I guess? Colin Trumble: Which is… Doesn't say American Express, it says Merchant Service Org. Colin Trumble: And the individual ID number is placed a little bit differently in the addendum. Colin Trumble: So, the point of all this is that when a statement is loaded with this information, we have rules set up that look for Colin Trumble: these, individual IDs. Colin Trumble: And from that, we know who's made the deposit, so we have an accounting template, an ad hoc bank transaction template, that is going to use some default values to create a transaction. Colin Trumble: Those rules. Colin Trumble: Live here… Colin Trumble: So, here is an example. Colin Trumble: Of a reconciliation rule. Colin Trumble: Tied to an ad hoc bank transaction template. Colin Trumble: If we look at the rule… Colin Trumble: it's gonna have some logic saying that if it's a 165 pre-authorized ACH credit. Colin Trumble: And the addenda contains individual ID number 4019240598. Colin Trumble: Then we're going to create an ad hoc bank transaction. This is the action that's going to be taken when the rules, conditions are met. Colin Trumble: And it's gonna use this template. Colin Trumble: So here's the template. Colin Trumble: And it's gonna create… A transaction with these prescribed values, so these are all our… Colin Trumble: necessary values for an ad hoc bank transaction. We've got… Colin Trumble: Company, revenue category, ledger account, designated cost center. Colin Trumble: Business unit, fund, and program. Colin Trumble: So, looking at the bank statement, we know we've got some transactions that are going to meet those parameters. There's that individual ID number in the addenda there. Colin Trumble: So, when we run auto-reconciliation. Colin Trumble: First notice rules will then fire. Colin Trumble: And we should see some of these reconcile. Colin Trumble: We got… we went 7 for 7 there. So, going back to… Statement. Colin Trumble: Yo. Colin Trumble: They're all reconciled. Colin Trumble: The transaction reconciliation detail. Brady Allred: Well, and I think your audio is… Colin Trumble: Oh, I'm sorry. Colin Trumble: I had my, my thing flipped up there. My. Brady Allred: Yeah, you're good. Colin Trumble: Mike. Okay. So, we can see these transactions are reconciled, and they've been reconciled to these newly created Colin Trumble: ad hoc bank transactions. Colin Trumble: That were created by our first notice rules. Colin Trumble: And then automatically reconciled. Colin Trumble: And although they're reconciled, This, ad hoc transaction is not really finalized. Colin Trumble: But we can see that it's been created with these values. Colin Trumble: And that adds a status of in progress. Colin Trumble: That's because it's awaiting finalization by our cost center deposit specialist. Colin Trumble: So… If I look at the business process. Colin Trumble: I can see that this transaction is in progress. Colin Trumble: It's created… By this ad hoc bank transaction event, which was triggered by our first notice rules. Colin Trumble: And now, we've got a new step of Review Ad Hoc Bank Transaction. It's going to our Cost Center Deposit Specialist. So, this Cost Center Deposit Specialist is a custom security role we created, Colin Trumble: For the purposes of reviewing these transactions. And, editing them, And, approving them, essentially. Colin Trumble: So, I will proxy in as Ramanita Vega. Colin Trumble: And take a look at this transaction. Brady Allred: While you're changing proxy, So, does that mean… Every time… Brady Allred: A credit card transaction takes place. Brady Allred: They're going to have to submit that transaction reconciliation for approval. Colin Trumble: No, each of those lines on the bank statement would be, like, a day of activity at that credit card terminal. So it's a how… or a shift, or a settlement of the terminal. So you… you collect transactions over the course of time you're using the machine. Colin Trumble: And then when you go to settle it at the end of your shift, at the end of your day, that creates a bank line. Brady Allred: I was gonna say that. That would be tedious for one of us to approve those. Colin Trumble: No doubt. Colin Trumble: So… we will go to our workflow, our My Tasks. Colin Trumble: And we can see that we've got a number of ad hoc bank transactions that were created. Colin Trumble: And they're here for me to review and approve as the Cost Center Deposit Specialist. Colin Trumble: Now… These are default template values that are associated with a credit card machine. Colin Trumble: That means… you know, if the machine is used for multiple purposes, multiple types of transactions. Colin Trumble: There will be a fair amount of judgment. Colin Trumble: And, discernment, discretion, involved with, Colin Trumble: reviewing and editing and approving these transactions. So, like, if this wasn't… Colin Trumble: parking decal revenue. Maybe it was from fines, or something like that. Colin Trumble: Or maybe it's split. Maybe it's parking decal revenue and it's fine, so I need to, like, add a line. Colin Trumble: And there you go, fines and penalties revenue. Colin Trumble: You know, maybe it's got a different designated because it's split between lines. Colin Trumble: Maybe it's at a different cost center for TAPS. Colin Trumble: you know, there's… there's a bunch of different scenarios that might go through one credit card machine, while others are unitaskers. There's only one purpose that they're used for. So… Colin Trumble: The point of this is to say that this gives you flexibility to adjust the transaction, Colin Trumble: To meet your needs. Colin Trumble: But it does take out of your hands the ability to control the amount of the transaction. This is locked in as a deposit. Colin Trumble: And the transaction… total transaction amount is locked in at $537. Colin Trumble: So no matter what I did down here, I'm gonna need to make my lines equal to 537, which is directly tied to the bank statement. Colin Trumble: So, we like this because it gives the flexibility to, Colin Trumble: Edit the transaction as needed. So right now, deposits are free-form entered by departments. They put money in the bank. Colin Trumble: And then they have to… Just free form, enter. Colin Trumble: All aspects of the deposit, from the company it's for, the account it's going into, etc, etc. Colin Trumble: This process is going to drive the amount, the company, the account. Colin Trumble: And give you a starting place in terms of… Colin Trumble: The revenue category, cost center, etc. Colin Trumble: So, I'll delete. Brady Allred: The unit… unit, they'll have to be really… On the ball about the… Ad hoc bank transaction lines. Brady Allred: But this top part, they'll have to worry about that less, because that's automated. What they're gonna have to watch for is mistakes, because if the machine handles different, types of transactions, it could bring in the wrong template. Colin Trumble: Exactly. It could easily be that these default values are not correct for the transaction you're trying to record. Colin Trumble: Or all of them. Maybe some of them are correct. Maybe the cost center's correct. Colin Trumble: But the revenue category's wrong. Colin Trumble: So this is definitely a starting place. Colin Trumble: for your line entry. Maybe it needs to be split into multiple lines, because you had multiple types of revenue in that bank line. Colin Trumble: So it's different, but it's also the same in that, you know, departments are responsible for entering Colin Trumble: Accurate information that reflects what their revenue was. Brady Allred: Right, but they should never get one, and then just say, oh, approved. Colin Trumble: This is… Colin Trumble: It is not an auto-approved situation unless you are a very unique department that only does one thing ever with your credit card machine. It's always the same type of revenue. Colin Trumble: You know you're not adjusting anything, because it's always the same. There are a couple, you know, there's some departments like that. Colin Trumble: But by and large, most of them are going to have a variety of scenarios. Colin Trumble: At least something like some are tax applicable or not. Colin Trumble: But, you know, multiple revenue streams. Colin Trumble: Splitting it between different cost centers. Colin Trumble: So yes, it is definitely not a foregone conclusion that just because this came into your inbox, everything's correct, and you can just click approve. Colin Trumble: You're very much still responsible for Colin Trumble: Creating the deposit the way it should be. Colin Trumble: That makes sense. Brady Allred: Makes sense, okay. Colin Trumble: We're just automating the flow of information from the deposit getting in the bank, To the stage where… Colin Trumble: we need to record this. And it's not optional that you record it later, it's in your inbox to record now. Colin Trumble: I don't know if it's fully defined yet, but there will be some sort of timeframe standard that we expect this to happen. Colin Trumble: And if it doesn't happen by then. Colin Trumble: then Banking and Merchant Services will probably reassign the transaction to themselves and post it to default chart fields. Colin Trumble: And notify the department that that happened, and that they need to review and edit it, but it has to be posted in a certain time frame. Colin Trumble: Okay? Brady Allred: So, in terms of, what the units are actually doing, this is… they go to their inbox, and this is the first Brady Allred: step that they actually take, because you, or the core office, creates the templates for these transactions, all that up there, and then they just come to their inbox after those transactions are submitted, and then they approve it here. Colin Trumble: That's right. But it also might be the case that… Colin Trumble: Well, I don't know. You know, departments might have their… I mean, their first action as a department would be transmitting the money to the bank somehow. Whether that is someone took it to the bank and deposited it with a slip. Colin Trumble: scanned it, Or, they settle their credit card machine for that department. Colin Trumble: They took some action to put the money in the bank. Colin Trumble: And then, whatever we've configured in terms of templates. Colin Trumble: for their location codes or their merchant ID is going to… Create this. Colin Trumble: And then, it's up to them to know what that revenue is, and edit the lines appropriately to reflect what that revenue is. Brady Allred: Right. Brady Allred: And that process of getting the money to the bank, that's not… I mean, there's no… Workday has no influence on that, that just needs to happen. Colin Trumble: That's in… Brady Allred: Always been. Colin Trumble: Yep. Colin Trumble: Right. Yep. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Awesome. Colin Trumble: Okay. Colin Trumble: And I will say that's… pretty much all I've got. Colin Trumble: Like, prepared for today. Colin Trumble: Okay. Colin Trumble: I just… I think, looking at the list that we had, I've just got… Colin Trumble: Some settlement topics, like settlement run, print check, payment return, and his cheatment. Colin Trumble: And I was hoping I could maybe… Colin Trumble: Do those in a separate session. Brady Allred: Yeah, that's just fine. Okay. Colin Trumble: When is this supposed to be done by? Brady Allred: You know, I don't have a hard deadline. Colin Trumble: Oh, okay. Could it be after Maui? Brady Allred: Yeah, it can be after Maui. Colin Trumble: When do you… Brady Allred: Come back. Colin Trumble: Awesome. I'll have a nice tan. I might turn my camera on. Colin Trumble: And, I'll be really relaxed. Brady Allred: Sounds good. Okay, turn our videos back on. Brady Allred: Okay. We did cover… Bank account transfer event. Brady Allred: Right? Yep. We did. Colin Trumble: We did bank account transfer for settlement, and I described what a bank account transfer would be used for. Colin Trumble: We probably will not use that very much. Hopefully, we'll avoid it at all costs, because all of our banks will be connected. Colin Trumble: So, yeah, I think we covered… Colin Trumble: the menu of banking topics we had, and next time we meet, I'll do the settlement once. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brady Allred: Thank you so much, Colin. Colin Trumble: Alright, thank you. Appreciate it, guys. Brady Allred: Matt, do you have… do you have anything? I know you were popped on late. Matt Walters: Yeah, no, not for now. Brady Allred: Okay, sounds good. Matt Walters: Thanks. Colin Trumble: Alright, thank you guys, bye. Brady Allred: Bye.