Gwynn Cadwallader (she/her): We'll have just a couple more people pop in, but I'm pretty sure everyone has heard these opening slides before, but I want to start with the fact that we are recording, today for note-taking purposes. We do not plan to distribute the recording. Gwynn Cadwallader (she/her): And very quickly, I think you all know the drill. We're gonna do a quick, high-level overview. I'm gonna introduce the team, and then… Gwynn Cadwallader (she/her): Brady will take you through the objectives, and then we will get right to the demos and Q&A, which is why… I'm sure why all of you are here today. So let's introduce the team. Gwynn Cadwallader (she/her): So, our business asset team, includes Laura, who is the Workstream lead, and then we have Ana and Jessica and Dhoni here today, that will be taking you through the demo. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Brady, and he can, hit those high-level objectives. Brady Allred: Thank you, Gwen, for those introductions. So, my name is Brady, and I'm an Instructional Designer in Training Organization Development. Brady Allred: I'll be covering the overview and objectives. Brady Allred: So, first, thank you all for joining us here. Brady Allred: Here, I think many of you are familiar with Brady Allred: the design sessions that happened a few months ago, and since then, Empowering UF… the Empowering UF team has been configuring Workday based on requirements discussed in those design sessions. Brady Allred: In this customer confirmation session, our functional area leads have chosen the priority business processes to preview. Brady Allred: Please be ready to ask questions and share insight. Your feedback is invaluable and really appreciated. Brady Allred: Please note, this is a preview, and these are not final configurations, and everything is subject to change. Brady Allred: Before we dive into the session, I want to level up on what today is and what it is not. It is not a time to, Brady Allred: It is not a demo… so, so sorry. It is not a time to confirm configuration that has been Brady Allred: I apologize so much, I've done so many of these. It is a time to confirm configuration that has been added to TenSense design sessions. It is a demonstration of functionality in the future state. It is not a time to redesign, not a time to validate you have data, and not an end-user training. Brady Allred: A brief overview of the 1UF7 Pillars. Brady Allred: First, participate in UF Citizenship with greater good in mind. Brady Allred: Prioritize the end-user experience, be clear and concise with decision feedback, and with one UF in mind, try to approach crafting workday with an as-common-as-possible mentality. Brady Allred: So, in summary, your collaboration here with us today in this session is critical. We appreciate you all taking the time out of your day to represent 1UF. Brady Allred: We ask that during the demonstration, please hold all questions until the Q&A session after each demonstration. Your question may be answered in later steps of the demonstration, and we are requesting feedback on the entirety of the business process, so please jot down all questions you have along the way, and hold them until the end. Brady Allred: If you'd like to put any questions in the chat, we will address them after each demonstration. And please note, we have shared this deck with you as a reference. We ask that you please do not distribute it widely, or outside of our audience here with us today. I'll now turn the remainder of the time over to Jessica. Jessica Ropicki: Hey, good morning, everyone. Before we dive into today's session, let's take a moment to look over the Workday Safe Harbor Statement. I'm sure many of you have seen this before, but just to reiterate. Jessica Ropicki: This is just a reminder that as we showcase Workday functionality, we will be talking about what is currently released in Workday, and any decisions should be made on what is currently available, and not what is going to be available in the future. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so when we're talking about business assets, what do we mean? One of the key words here is going to be trackable, which includes all of our capital assets, of course, but can also include Jessica Ropicki: attractive assets. We have the ability in Workday to mark asset-related spin categories as trackable or not. Jessica Ropicki: All of our capital-related spin categories will, of course, be marked as trackable, but we also have the option to mark attractive-related spin categories as trackable or not, and we will cover that specific situation in an upcoming demo. Jessica Ropicki: So business assets will include all tangible items, such as furniture and equipment, and intangible items, such as software. Jessica Ropicki: And finally, all assets should last more than one year. If the item will not last more than one year, then it's considered a consumable or supplies. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we have, some changes from current state to future state, which I want to highlight, that are going to be related to our demos today. Jessica Ropicki: I think the biggest change is that in current state, many of the asset-related purchases hit only a couple of account codes, primarily furniture and equipment, or vehicles and transportation. Jessica Ropicki: With Workday, spin categories are going to be used for asset purchases, and they're going to be more granular. Jessica Ropicki: We currently have approximately 30 capital asset-related spend categories, which will be entered in by the user on purchasing transactions. Jessica Ropicki: For example, we have spin categories for lab, scientific, and technical equipment that is over the capitalization threshold, and then we have another spin category of desktop, laptop, and mobile computing that's over the capitalization threshold. Jessica Ropicki: Another change is in current state, when an asset is purchased, it's submitted on a non-800 fund. Jessica Ropicki: And then, when the item is capitalized, it's moved on to an 800 fund. Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, for financial reporting purposes, there is an asset book which contains the accounting and depreciation information, and this multi-book asset accounting will be used instead of a separate fund for assets. Jessica Ropicki: Another item is that in current state, a multi-funded asset will only be associated with one department, and all future financial transactions will be on that one department's books, including asset capitalization and depreciation. Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, for financial reporting purposes, a multi-funded asset will live on each cost center's books for capitalization and appreciation. Jessica Ropicki: However, keep in mind, though, that we can assign one of those cost centers to be the coordinating cost center, which will be in charge of the inventory, transfers, disposals, etc. Jessica Ropicki: And finally, in current state, we assign the asset profile ID when we're reviewing the PO, and that carries over into PeopleSoft. Jessica Ropicki: And in future state, the profile will be assigned later on in the process in the Assign Asset Accounting step, which we'll cover in the demos that's coming up. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, key terminology. So, you'll notice that on the left-hand side, we have all of the Workday terminology, and on the right-hand side, we have the PeopleSoft terminology. There's a one-for-one in every situation, except I want to highlight, again, the top one here, spin category, because that's going to be the biggest shift for us. Jessica Ropicki: It's going to be more granular, we're going to have a lot more options for the purchaser to choose from. This is going to enable us to have additional reporting capabilities and automate some processes that are going to be associated with asset registration. Jessica Ropicki: We also have, in Workday, it's called the asset name or asset ID, which is, again, equivalent to current state asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: We have the asset identifier in Workday, which is going to be equivalent to the tag number. Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, it's going to be the coordinating cost center, which is gonna be equivalent to, like, the primary home department in today. Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, we have an asset coordinator, which is going to be equivalent to a department contact. Jessica Ropicki: And in Workday, we issue it to a worker, and in current state, we kind of use the term user for that. Jessica Ropicki: And finally, we have asset shares, which is going to be, like, the breakout of the purchase, which is kind of equivalent to acquisition detail in current state. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide, please. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so I'm going to jump into the demos, but before I do that, I briefly want to let you know what each demo will be covering, in case that might answer some of your questions, but all three demos are going to cover the business processes of asset registration, assigning accounting information, and issuing to a worker. Jessica Ropicki: The first demo here is just going to be a very basic example of a capital asset with one funding source. My second demo is going to be a capital asset with multiple funding sources, and then my third demo is going to be for an attractive asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now I will share my screen. Give me one second. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, can everyone see the Workday screen? Jessica Ropicki: Okay, great. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, I am going to be logged in as Becky Sundeen. She is currently has the role of Business Asset Accountant. Jessica Ropicki: The tasks that I will be completing today will all be as Becky Sundin, but you could have the option of delegating those tasks out amongst Jessica Ropicki: multiple people who have that role within Workday. Jessica Ropicki: So, this is the Workday at home screen. We have this box here, awaiting Action, and then we also have the task box here, inbox here, of her tasks. She has 87 tasks in her inbox, so she's a very busy lady. Jessica Ropicki: And we are going to jump into her inbox, and we see we have some supplier invoices that are going to need approved. Jessica Ropicki: Now, for today's purposes, we're assuming that the requisition was previously submitted and went through all the approvals, and now the invoice is submitted, was approved by the cost center managers, and went through all appropriate approvals, and it's ready for the asset management secondary approval. Jessica Ropicki: So I'm gonna start on this invoice here. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so at the top, we just kind of have our general header information. It doesn't give us a ton of information, so we're going to want to scroll down, but I will point out that it does say who the, vendor is, Apple, and what the item cost was, which is $11,000, so that is over the capitalization threshold. Jessica Ropicki: So now we're gonna scroll down… Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna see these invoice lines, and that's kind of where Becky's gonna focus her attention. She's gonna see the item description, which is a laptop. Jessica Ropicki: And she's going to look at that spin category. And remember, that's more granular than our current state account codes, so it's actually really describing what is the item that we're purchasing. And so, right here, it says desktop, laptop, mobile computing, greater than or equal to $10,000. The item is a laptop, so the spin category is correct. Jessica Ropicki: So let's keep scrolling over. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice here the unit cost $11,000, so she picked the correct, capitalization spin category. Jessica Ropicki: And then over here, we have our work tags. Jessica Ropicki: So everything is looking pretty good. She can see that they also loaded an attachment, which is great. She could view that if she needs to get any additional details on the asset. Jessica Ropicki: Now, I'll say the buttons down here at the bottom, we have a couple options. She could add an approver. If she feels like, ugh, this is really a weird situation, I haven't seen this before, I want someone else to look at this, she could click Add Approver and then send it to someone else to look at it as well. Jessica Ropicki: She also has a SIMPAC option. Jessica Ropicki: If for some reason they did not pick the correct spin category, or some other field was incorrect, she could click send back. Jessica Ropicki: It would go back to the initial initiator. Jessica Ropicki: And she could type in a reason, for example, update spend category. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes, though… We're gonna say it's all good. Jessica Ropicki: And she's going to approve. Jessica Ropicki: So you'll notice, after she approves it, it goes immediately to the next step with it, which is asset registration. Jessica Ropicki: So let me click on this step now. Jessica Ropicki: And this just moves to the top of her inbox. Jessica Ropicki: The information pulling over from the supplier invoice now, she has the acquisition date here that she can update if necessary. Jessica Ropicki: And then I will highlight that there are red asterisks here. Jessica Ropicki: The red asterisks are going to be Workday-delivered validations, which means you have to fill out those fields before you can move forward. Jessica Ropicki: So, in addition to the workday-delivered validations, we came up with other items that we said, no, these have to be filled out before you move forward as well. Unfortunately, they cannot have a red asterisk, but they do have this nice red box. Jessica Ropicki: So we're saying you have to fill out the location, the asset coordinator, and the tag number before you can move forward. Jessica Ropicki: Those are the errors. Now, alerts, these are things we want you to do if you can, but sometimes you don't have that information available. And the alerts are the manufacturer and serial number. Jessica Ropicki: So you don't have to fill those out. Jessica Ropicki: Those two to move forward, but it is best practice. Jessica Ropicki: So I'm going to point out these two arrows here. This is going to get you to your full screen view, because everything's a little condensed in the inbox. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, we have our asset ID. An asset ID is going to start with BA, followed by 7 digits. Jessica Ropicki: the asset ID, Jessica Ropicki: and name are going to be the same. The identifier could be the same as well. In many cases it is, but you also have the opportunity here if it needs a different ID, such as if it's an asset that UF does not have title to. In current state, we use a 4910US in front of that. Jessica Ropicki: And you could make those adjustments here in the asset identifier. So asset identifier is equivalent to tag number and current state. Jessica Ropicki: We also have the description that came over from the supplier invoice. In asset management, they like to be a little more thorough with the description, so you can update that here however you feel is appropriate. Jessica Ropicki: Serial number, again, it's not a required field, but it is recommended, so for today, I'm just gonna type in a few numbers. Jessica Ropicki: And then the manufacturer, again, is not required, but is recommended. So I'm going to fill that in. Jessica Ropicki: So one of the good things about having all these different spin categories is that some fields can auto-populate, and asset class is going to be one of those. Jessica Ropicki: The asset class is going to auto-populate based upon the spend category selected. Jessica Ropicki: Now, it's going to auto-populate to the most common asset class for that spend category. Is that always going to be correct? No. It's just the most common one. So if it is not correct, you could exit it out and search through the list here and update the asset class to the appropriate one. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes, though, they're buying a laptop so personal computing device is correct. Jessica Ropicki: Asset type. Asset type is also going to auto-populate based upon the spend category selected. Jessica Ropicki: Finally, we have Coordinating Cost Center. This is going to be the cost center in charge of the asset's life cycle, submitting the transfers, disposals, etc. Jessica Ropicki: And now, because this particular asset only had one funding source, it auto-populated. Jessica Ropicki: Asset coordinator is equivalent to department contact. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes, we're gonna assume the… Jessica Ropicki: Department contact to asset coordinator is Dhoni. Jessica Ropicki: The cost information's coming over from the supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: And now we need to populate location. So, at a minimum, your location needs to be at the building level. Jessica Ropicki: So, Dhoni is in heirs. Jessica Ropicki: We'll do Ayers Medical Plaza. However, if you know the room number that the build… that the item's going to be in, you can also go down to that level of detail. Jessica Ropicki: So, again, building is at a minimum required, but you could go down to floor or room. Jessica Ropicki: Now, the work tags that are coming over here are from the supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: So everything looks good, we have all of our fields filled out. We can click these two arrows to go back down into the inbox view. Jessica Ropicki: And we can scroll down, you could add a comment if you wanted here. Jessica Ropicki: And we can submit. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so now it's going to tell us up next, again, it's going to Becky Sunding, and we're going to do the asset accounting information. Jessica Ropicki: So that shows up next in her inbox. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so again, we want to hit the two arrows to get the full screen view. Jessica Ropicki: Most of this information is coming over from the supplier invoice and the asset registration step that we just completed. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to focus on this step, on this column here, Accounting Book Information. Jessica Ropicki: So, kind of like I mentioned earlier in a previous slide, is that the assets are going to be in an asset book. Jessica Ropicki: So, it is going to be in the primary asset book. Jessica Ropicki: Based upon the spend category selected, it's going to get assigned an accounting treatment of depreciable capital asset because they selected the over $10,000 spend category. Jessica Ropicki: The depreciation profile is getting auto-assigned based upon the asset class and spin category selected. Jessica Ropicki: If for some reason it didn't work correctly, there's an odd situation and it needs to be something different, you can always exit out. Jessica Ropicki: I will point out that the depreciation profiles are, pre-populating with this upon acquisition. Jessica Ropicki: And that's going to be the case for most assets, but obviously we have some assets that are kind of like a work in progress. They're building this fancy microscope, and it's going to be, you know, not in service for a while. So you do have the option. Jessica Ropicki: To select manually or when issued, as well, if that was going to be your case here. Jessica Ropicki: But for today's purposes, it's going to be upon acquisition, auto-calculates the useful life, the convention is current period, and straight line. Jessica Ropicki: Additional information here is kind of pulling over again from the supplier invoice and the registration step. Jessica Ropicki: I will point out that the in-service start date and end-service end date, though, are not populated, and these fields are specific to leases, and leases are going to be covered in a later sprint. Jessica Ropicki: And if I scroll all the way over, too, I can also get to the supplier invoice, and… Jessica Ropicki: If I wanted to drill down to that, I would have that capability as well. So, everything is looking good. Jessica Ropicki: We'll hit the two arrows. Jessica Ropicki: You'll scroll down… You could add a comment if necessary. Jessica Ropicki: And we will submit. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now it's telling us again, it's going to Becky Sundean. This asset needs to be issued to a worker. Jessica Ropicki: So it creates a to-do in her box. Jessica Ropicki: She can copy the asset ID, she can hit issue asset. Jessica Ropicki: I can put the ID in. Jessica Ropicki: Get rid of that 4. Jessica Ropicki: Enter in the company. Jessica Ropicki: And click OK. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so now it's going to do the issue assets screen. Jessica Ropicki: We want to select the checkbox for the asset that we're wanting to issue. Once I hit that select box, you'll notice this Issue 2 field opens up. Jessica Ropicki: In the Issue 2 field, you can pick the worker that the asset's going to be assigned to, and for today's purposes, we're going to say it's Ana. Jessica Ropicki: And notice I didn't have to type in her full name, and it found her. Jessica Ropicki: The work tags here are carrying over from the supplier invoice and asset registration steps. Jessica Ropicki: So everything looks good. Jessica Ropicki: You can issue this asset to Ana. Jessica Ropicki: And done. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So that particular asset… oh, sorry, because this is a to-do. Jessica Ropicki: Even though we completed this step, this to-do is not tied to any business process. It's just a reminder you need to do something. So even after you complete it, you do have to hit the submit button for it to leave your inbox. Jessica Ropicki: And, for example, let's say you had no idea who this asset was going to go to. You could type a comment in here saying, user unknown, and then that would fall on the department to finish out issuing it to the user. Regardless, either way, you would have to click the submit for it to leave your inbox. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now we are complete on that one. Jessica Ropicki: I want to show you guys, though, a couple reports that I think are going to appeal to a wider audience. Jessica Ropicki: We have the Fine Assets report. Jessica Ropicki: So, this report, I think, is going to be the one most commonly used by everyone. There are quite a number of fields here that you can filter by to get to the information you want to pull. I think some of the more common ones might be Issue 2, you want to know all of the assets issued to a worker. Jessica Ropicki: We have spin category, you might want to know everything that was bought on a particular spin category. Jessica Ropicki: If you're trying to complete inventory, you can use location. You might want to know every app Jessica Ropicki: Is in the building. Jessica Ropicki: If we scroll down farther, we have the Coordinating Cost Center, so if you want to… if you're a department personnel and you want to know all of the assets that are assigned to your, cost center, you could click here. Or Asset Coordinator, if you are in charge of maybe mini cost centers, but you're the asset coordinator, you could still run this report by that. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes, though, I'm just gonna run it… Are you, Floor? Jessica Ropicki: And I'm gonna do everything. Jessica Ropicki: Issued to Anna. Jessica Ropicki: One minute… Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so by running this report for Anna as an Issue 2, I'm going to see everything that's issued to Anna. She has 21 assets issued to her, so she has a lot on her plate. Jessica Ropicki: There are a lot of columns in this report, a lot of good information. Jessica Ropicki: We have the asset ID, we have the depreciation schedule. Jessica Ropicki: What was the accounting treatment? Was it expensed, or was it depreciable? The spin category used. Jessica Ropicki: I'll scroll over a little bit more. I mean, it's pretty much everything that we just populated, the acquisition date, the date placed in service. Jessica Ropicki: The netbook value, that's gonna be a handy one. Jessica Ropicki: I will say there are a lot of columns here, so one of my favorite buttons that is on all Workday reports is this little button here. Jessica Ropicki: And let's see if it opens, yay. We can reorder our columns, and we can save them, and we can freeze certain columns, and then we're only doing this for our view of that report, so you're not going to affect other users. But I think this could, you know, if you're always wanting to look at the netbook value, you might want to move that over. Jessica Ropicki: Some of the other buttons that are available, you can pop it into an Excel if you want to do some more filters, formulas, you can also filter within, Workday. Jessica Ropicki: And then you can also use the arrows to get a full-screen view as well. Jessica Ropicki: Okay… Now I'm gonna go back… Jessica Ropicki: Becky's inbox, I want to show a few more. Jessica Ropicki: Thanks. Jessica Ropicki: do this. Jessica Ropicki: I am going to show you the asset details associated with an asset that's already been Jessica Ropicki: In service, it's not the one we just did. But I can just type in the asset ID, it will come up, I can click on it. Jessica Ropicki: So here, I'm just using, you know, viewing the asset, business asset detail. Jessica Ropicki: At the top, we have general information, what spending category was used, where it's located, who it's issued to, what was the accounting treatment. It is a depreciable capital asset. And this is kind of more like the tabs below. We have the general tab. It's going to have just some basic information, links to the supplier invoice, which could be helpful. Jessica Ropicki: We have the Custodian tab. It's showing us who it's issued to. It's issued to Ana. Jessica Ropicki: And where that asset is located. Jessica Ropicki: The Accounting tab. Jessica Ropicki: Just kind of letting you know what depreciation profile and depreciation method are being used for that. It also gives you the netbook value right here. Jessica Ropicki: The cost detail? Jessica Ropicki: This particular asset that we're looking at was, split funded. Jessica Ropicki: So, you can see that 3 different, cost centers purchased this asset and how much they bought it for. Jessica Ropicki: The books, again, the assets are going to be recorded in the primary asset book. Jessica Ropicki: And giving you a little depreciation summary as well here. Jessica Ropicki: And then there's actually a depreciation summary tab as well. This tab, I think, is very useful just because it's telling you how much depreciation is going to occur each period. Jessica Ropicki: what is the accumulated depreciation, and the netbook value. And so, this last column also is going to be really important, because it's letting you know what's posted so far. So, it's giving you a view to the future, but you want to know what… where are we at right now? We're right here in this, first row. Jessica Ropicki: Depreciation detail. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so again, this particular asset was a multi-funded asset that we're looking at, so that monthly depreciation amount is getting broken out between the three cost centers that actually purchased the asset. Jessica Ropicki: life cycle. Jessica Ropicki: Just kind of going over the, you know, purchase to disposal steps that have happened related to this asset, giving you information about the, Jessica Ropicki: The steps that were conducted related to the asset, and the time and date that they were completed on. Jessica Ropicki: And the process history is more like an audit trail of what has done and by who. It's kind of similar a little bit to the life cycle, but it has a lot more detail, and then it'll let you know steps that maybe weren't necessary for the particular asset that was, being purchased. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, I want to show you one more asset. Jessica Ropicki: So this asset, we're assuming that is one that maybe was purchased pre-Workday implementation, and it's been brought over into Workday, and I just wanted to show you some custom fields that we were creating. Jessica Ropicki: So, we have a custodian field, so equivalent to today's property custodian. Jessica Ropicki: We also have the original chart-filled strings, how this asset was originally purchased pre-workday. This information obviously will come in handy if an asset needs to be sold or donated later, or audit questions come up, so we want to make sure we're still having access to that historical data. Jessica Ropicki: And I love about Workday, I can just hit the back button. Jessica Ropicki: And we're back to that general information screen. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, this will conclude… Demo 1. Jessica Ropicki: Any questions? Brady Allred: We did have some… So… Brady Allred: First, Jody Chase asked, how many digits are available in the asset identifier field, and is this going to be the same as the asset ID in most cases? Ana answered, the system can accommodate as many as needed. Most times, it will be the same unless not UF-owned. Brady Allred: Jody had a follow-up question. Does the system allow you to have duplicate asset identifiers? Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): I just responded to that. So, we… there's two… we have the asset ID, and we have the asset identifier. The asset ID is what they generated. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): The asset… the asset ID, the system will not allow us to have a duplicate. The asset identifier, which is user-generated, we will take it back and confirm if duplicates can… can be entered or not. Brady Allred: Okay, and then… Brady Allred: Brenda Harle had a follow-up question to that as well. Can you help us understand how you know the difference between capital assets and required assets easily with tags if they are all VA assets, especially for our debts? Jessica Ropicki: That might come into play, I think, then with that asset identifier, where we can actually specify, you know, if you want to put, like, ATT for attractive, and that would be, like, the tag… equivalent of tag number. So I think that's the field that we would use to help us differentiate certain situations such as that. Brady Allred: Okay? Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): through that third demo, and we do the trackable assets, you will see how a mobile computer gets entered into the system, and there are other fields that are entered that, when you're running reports, you will see, the difference, too. Brady Allred: And, Mina asks, is there a benefit of making the serial number a required field for input? It has helped for retrieval info, for repairs, service contracts, etc. Jessica Ropicki: It definitely… so, we want your serial number 100%, and it will be… Jessica Ropicki: a work list that people have to populate. There's just times when the asset's being purchased that it might be boxed up, and we just… we just don't have access to the serial number at the time we're registering the asset. So. Jessica Ropicki: We don't want to hold up the asset registration, but we most definitely want to capture that serial number, and it will Jessica Ropicki: continue to be a field that needs to be populated, it just might have to be populated a little bit after the asset registration. But very good question. Meena Thiyagarajah: Jessica, I have another quirk. Of course I do. So we have a lot of state agencies, and an update recently that we have received from sponsored agencies that they intend to hold to the threshold of $5,000 for the equipment capitalization threshold. Jessica Ropicki: For reporting to… Meena Thiyagarajah: a couple of the Florida state agencies. I don't know whether Tiffany's on this call, but she's aware because we were talking about this yesterday. Meena Thiyagarajah: Is the old, I guess, the attractive ID, or asset ID, or something to that effect would be the way we would go, or is there any other alternative where we can tag, where, you know, 5,000… Meena Thiyagarajah: Is the equipment threshold that state agencies are requiring. Jessica Ropicki: Well, I mean, we definitely have the option for any… Jessica Ropicki: under cap spin category to market as trackable. So if there is a legitimate reason, like you're saying, we can Jessica Ropicki: mark certain… Jessica Ropicki: spin categories as trackable and capture them, but if it's, like, all equipment, you know, I'm trying to think that through. Meena Thiyagarajah: Just as long as they're being purchased on a grant that is funded by a state agency. Brenda Harrell: So, Mina, currently… sorry, this is Brenda Harrell. What we're doing with those is, Carter in Asset Management is reviewing all sponsored charges for equipment, and we're marking those as required assets. Brenda Harrell: And so they would have that required asset identifier to be tracked, and also have a, agency green sticker. Brenda Harrell: to show that those, they have… even though they're less than $10,000, they have to be tracked. So, I'm assuming that Jessica's gonna show us how we do the required assets. We would just make that a required asset category. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, and attractive assets will be covered in the third demo, but yeah, we could definitely mark those relevant spend categories as required, or when we're reviewing it, yeah, marking it as required. Meena Thiyagarajah: Alright, thank you. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: If there are no other questions, we'll move on to Demo 2. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: I will share my screen again. Jessica Ropicki: Let me go back to the home screen. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, we are going to do, for Demo 2, a capital asset that is multi-funded. We, again, are completing this task as Becky Sundean, who is our business asset accountant. Jessica Ropicki: We will go to Becky's inbox. Brady Allred: But I remember when I saw that. Jessica Ropicki: And she has a supplier invoice in here that's ready for her review. Jessica Ropicki: And again, we're assuming this has already gone through all appropriate cost manager and cost center approvals. Jessica Ropicki: So Vicki has this inbox in her review. She can see it's from Fisher Scientific. It's for $12,000. Jessica Ropicki: She will scroll down to look at the line detail. Jessica Ropicki: As you can see, they're purchasing a microscope. Jessica Ropicki: They selected the spend category of lab, scientific, technical equipment greater than or equal to $10,000, so that's appropriate in this case. Jessica Ropicki: If we scroll to the right, we're going to see the unit cost was $12,000, so it is a capital asset. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice here, though, the work tag columns are not filled out. And the reason that is, is because it is a multi-funded, split-funded, asset. If you click on the last column here, splits, the three, you can see how this item was purchased. Jessica Ropicki: It was purchased, by 3 different cost centers within IFAS. The Horticultural Sciences paid the most for this item. Jessica Ropicki: But it just gives you all the detail on how the cost was broken out. Jessica Ropicki: So everything is looking good. She has an attachment she can look at for additional detail if needed. Jessica Ropicki: She can enter a comment if needed, and she can't approve. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so we have gone now to the asset registration step. Jessica Ropicki: Again, the information's pulling over from the supplier invoice. The acquisition date can be updated here if necessary. We're going to want to click those two arrows to go to a full screen view. Jessica Ropicki: And this is where we can, with the asset identifier, if we, for some reason, you know, it was a 4910 US, if it wasn't attractive, we could use this field to help us, further define what type of item we're dealing with. Jessica Ropicki: Serial number as well. Again, not required at this stage, but we do need this field populated at some point, but we don't want to hold up the asset registration, so we'll just have it as a recommended at this point in time. Jessica Ropicki: the manufacturer, in this case. We can put in Tuscan… Jessica Ropicki: And again, the asset class is pre-populating based upon the spin category selected, and it's pre-populating with the most commonly used asset class for that spin category. Jessica Ropicki: If it was not correct, you could hit the X, Jessica Ropicki: And you can look through the search menu. Jessica Ropicki: And there's quite a lot of asset classes you can choose from to select the appropriate one, but in this case, microscope. Jessica Ropicki: is correct. Jessica Ropicki: And I'm also going to update that asset description, because we want more detail in asset management. Jessica Ropicki: on what type of item we're actually dealing with. And that will help, you know, with inventory and a bunch of other processes, to be honest. Jessica Ropicki: Asset type, again, pre-populating based upon the SPIN category selected. Jessica Ropicki: Now you'll notice the coordinating call center is blank here, and it's blank because it was a multi-funded asset. Jessica Ropicki: Within asset management, they have a methodology of who to assign an asset to when it was split funded. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes. Jessica Ropicki: All of the funding was 100 funds, and it was all bought within IFAS, and so we are going to assign it to the cost center that purchased the Jessica Ropicki: That contributed the most money towards the purchase. Jessica Ropicki: Asset coordinator, again, is equivalent to department contact. Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna say that's stony. Jessica Ropicki: And the cost center is coming… the cost is coming over from the supplier invoice and location again. Jessica Ropicki: Minimum building level, but if you know more detail, floor or room, you can add that as well, and that's coming from space. Jessica Ropicki: And over here, you'll see on the far right, we have our asset shares. You could click on that, too, as well. Jessica Ropicki: So if you wanted to go back and see how was this item purchased, and to get the work tag detail. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so I'm going to click the two arrows to go back down into the inbox. Jessica Ropicki: Scroll down, you could add a comment if you want, and then we can submit. Jessica Ropicki: Up next, it's going to Becky Sundeen for the Assign Asset Accounting. Jessica Ropicki: So we'll go to that step in her inbox. Jessica Ropicki: We'll make it a full screen view again. Jessica Ropicki: Again, notice that most of the fields are already pre-populated based upon the supplier invoice and asset registration steps that we just completed. We're focusing our attention on the accounting book information. Jessica Ropicki: Again, assets are going to be in a asset book, so it's in the primary asset book, and the accounting treatment, because they select over 10,000, Jessica Ropicki: Spend category is going to be depreciable capital asset. Jessica Ropicki: Based upon the spend category and the asset class, the depreciation profile is being auto-assigned. Jessica Ropicki: And then the rest of the fields will be pre-populated, with the life and the convention and method. Jessica Ropicki: And everything else is coming over from before… Jessica Ropicki: And we have a link to the supplier invoice if we needed to drill down and get some more detail from that. Jessica Ropicki: But it's all looking good. Jessica Ropicki: So we can hit the arrows to go back into the inbox. Jessica Ropicki: We can scroll down… I could add a comment if necessary, and then we could submit. Jessica Ropicki: Now, we are going to do our up next to-do. Jessica Ropicki: So remember, H2O is not tied to a business process, it's just a reminder. Jessica Ropicki: Previously, I had hit this blue Issue Assets button to get to the to-do. You can also just click on the Related Actions brick here. Jessica Ropicki: And go to Business Asset. Jessica Ropicki: And issue to a worker. Jessica Ropicki: So, two different ways to get to the same spot. Jessica Ropicki: I like that about Workday. There's a lot of ways to get… to accomplish the task at hand. It's pulling up the asset that we need to issue. The issue box is already available. We are going to issue this to Ana again. Jessica Ropicki: And you'll notice, we want to keep the work tags the same as the asset shares. We don't want to use the worker organization work tags. We want to use the purchase supplier invoice work tags. And we'll hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, and again, we completed the task, but we still have to mark it as complete, so we'll hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: So, obviously, that one was pretty similar. Jessica Ropicki: to the previous one, except I wanted to show you if it was multi-funded, to give you a little bit more information on that. So that actually concludes Jessica Ropicki: that demo. Jessica Ropicki: Any questions? Jessica Ropicki: No questions? Okay. Jessica Ropicki: I feel like my next demo is probably going to get a lot of questions, because we're going to talk about attractive assets. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, let me share my screen again. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, we are, Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, any undercapitalization threshold spin category can be marked as trackable in order to capture that attractive asset at the time of purchase. Wonderful tool, and I want to show you some of the functionality associated with that. Jessica Ropicki: In our test environment right now, we have only indicated one under capitalization spin category as trackable, which is the desktop, laptop, mobile computing under 10,000. Jessica Ropicki: We have the ability to make other under-categories as trackable as well, and we're going to be exploring that ability Jessica Ropicki: For future sprints related to all of the required attractive assets. Jessica Ropicki: So, for today's purposes, we have that one underspend category marked as trackable, and if it's marked as trackable, that invoice is going to flow into asset management. Jessica Ropicki: It's for an Apple item that costs $3,000 under the capitalization threshold. Jessica Ropicki: Becky's gonna scroll down. Jessica Ropicki: She's gonna look at the line item invoice. Jessica Ropicki: She's gonna see it's a laptop. The spin category is Desktop Laptop, Mobile Computing under 10,000, so that is correct. Jessica Ropicki: She's gonna scroll to the right. Jessica Ropicki: She sees it's only $3,000 under cap. Jessica Ropicki: And then she has all the work tags associated with that. Jessica Ropicki: So everything looks good. They have their attachment. Great. Jessica Ropicki: Now we can approve it. Jessica Ropicki: It will go to the next step of asset registration. Jessica Ropicki: Again, she can change the acquisition date if necessary. We're going to pop this out into a full screen view. Jessica Ropicki: She wants to make sure she, enters in the asset identifier, which is equivalent to tag number. Jessica Ropicki: She wants to update that description to something a little bit more thorough. Jessica Ropicki: Serial number, recommended, not required. Manufacturer, recommended, not required. Asset class, again, pre-populating based upon the spend category. Jessica Ropicki: Asset type here. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice the asset type is attractive asset, because it was… the spend category was undercap. Jessica Ropicki: Coordinating call center, pre-populated based upon only one cost center making this purchase. Jessica Ropicki: Asset coordinator equivalent to department contact, we're going to assume DONI, bringing over the cost information. Location as well, you want to add it. Jessica Ropicki: much detail as we know, and the work tags are coming over from the supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: Everything looks good, we can go down. Jessica Ropicki: And… We can submit. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, up next is going to be… Assign Asset Accounting. Jessica Ropicki: Again, we're gonna go to the full screen view. Jessica Ropicki: All the information's pulling over from the steps that were previously, completed. We're going to focus our attention on the accounting book information. Jessica Ropicki: Notice the accounting treatment is expense, because it was used on an under… Jessica Ropicki: CAP threshold, and the dollar amount was under a cap. Jessica Ropicki: The other fields below here are not going to be pertinent, because the accounting treatment is expense. Jessica Ropicki: Everything's just pulling over. It looks good. Jessica Ropicki: We feel good about this one, and we can go ahead and… Submit. Jessica Ropicki: Again. Jessica Ropicki: Becky's gonna be prompted. Jessica Ropicki: To issue it to a worker, and maybe in this case, she says, you know, worker unknown. Jessica Ropicki: And she can just hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Now, we will… I'm going to go into Becky's archives. Jessica Ropicki: These are all the tasks that she's previously completed. Jessica Ropicki: And I just wanted to pop into the details for the one attractive asset we just did. Jessica Ropicki: And basically, I want to just point out that it's capturing all the same information, but it is giving it an accounting treatment of expense here. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… So… Jessica Ropicki: Everything we just watched for this attractive asset demo was the exact same processes for the capital assets. There is an option in Workday to automatically complete Jessica Ropicki: The asset management secondary review. Automatically complete. Jessica Ropicki: the registration business assets step, and automatically complete the assign asset accounting step for attractive assets. Jessica Ropicki: there could be advantages and disadvantages to this. I think some of the advantages, if you had everything auto-complete. Jessica Ropicki: is that we would capture, for sure, the asset at the time of purchase. We all know today it's… we're reliant on departments to enter this information. Jessica Ropicki: And everything doesn't get entered in that should be getting entered in. This, if we're capturing it at the time of purchase, we can ensure that that is getting entered in. Jessica Ropicki: Another advantage is that we can start the asset registration process. If you were to auto-approve everything, all of the fields would not be filled in, because you notice I was going in, and I was filling in some of the fields. Some of them were already pre-populated, but Jessica Ropicki: If you auto-approve, it's not going to have everything filled in, and there's going to be some additional work on the back end that needs to be done, but an advantage is we're capturing it at the time of purchase, and we're starting that process. It's getting, you know. Jessica Ropicki: Pre-populated for some of the information, and it's linked back to the supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: I think that's a key one, too, is getting it linked back to the supplier invoice. Even if people enter in Jessica Ropicki: and current state information related to attractive assets. Is that information all correct? Not always, unfortunately. If we have a link directly back to the supplier invoice, we have a lot more detail to pull from and know exactly how the item was purchased. Jessica Ropicki: Some disadvantages, okay? So, if you were to automate some of these processes associated with the attractive asset, it's gonna grab everything that hit that spend category and give it an asset ID and create it. So there's the potential for things to get Jessica Ropicki: created as assets that maybe really shouldn't be, but I think that's also, like, a training opportunity to help people know how to use suspend categories correctly. Jessica Ropicki: And then, kind of like I mentioned before, I think it's a little bit of a advantage-disadvantage. Jessica Ropicki: If you automate the process, it's getting… Jessica Ropicki: an asset ID, it's getting tied to the supplier invoice, but there's still going to be fields that are not populated, and that part will fall on the department to finish that population. Jessica Ropicki: And obviously that's something we can create, like, a report for, like, these are, like, the uncomplete assets records, and a department would know which ones they need to work and finish populating the fields. Jessica Ropicki: So that concludes Demo 3 on attractive assets. Jessica Ropicki: Any questions? Brady Allred: We do have some… Brady Allred: Jody asks, can someone other than asset management create these attractive assets, or will asset management, have to create them? Jessica Ropicki: So, I think there's some decisions that need to be made if we're gonna do, like, the auto-approval. Jessica Ropicki: Anyone purchasing the asset. Jessica Ropicki: Would initiate that creation, but if it's auto-approved, it's… asset management's not going to be involved, and it's just going to create the asset. Jessica Ropicki: And there will be a back-end process that needs to be done to complete that asset record. So… Jessica Ropicki: we would… if… this is only for attractive assets that we're trying to capture at the time of purchase. Other attractive assets could be created in my assets, which would be separate from this. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Brenda Harrell asks, what if it is a category that isn't our criteria, but after review, we decide it does not need to be tracked? Can that be changed at this time? Jessica Ropicki: So, if we had an attractive asset that, and I want to make sure I'm understanding correctly, that got, recorded, and then you decided later you did not want to record that. Brenda Harrell: Yeah, so for example, we will need an asset management person, currently it's Carter, to review all assets that are charged to a sponsored agreement fund, whatever that is in the future. Brenda Harrell: So, how would… if, once he reviews that, you know, kind of bring around Mina's point, and we say, hey, this $5,000 item that's purchased on this federal award, we don't need to track this as attractive. Brenda Harrell: But on this award, we do. Brenda Harrell: So, in those cases, I don't see how we can auto-approve. You see, the others, maybe. Like, we know all laptops have to be tracked. So if they buy a laptop, go for it. But in this case, it's a microscope that's bought on a federal grant that costs $7,000, and this specific federal grant says, no, we don't need to track this. Brenda Harrell: How do we… how do we… I think that's a. Jessica Ropicki: situation that I'm only learning about today, so I'm very glad to hear about it. I think that's something we're going to have to work out with future sprints, but I think there would be, based upon the funding selected and the spin category selected, we can have those route to asset management for review, if they're not in one of those, like, required laptop type of. Brenda Harrell: And Jessica, yeah, you're right. It's because of the change in our capitalization threshold, but not all sponsoring agencies. Jessica Ropicki: are agreed. Brenda Harrell: They still want us… well, they're okay with it being $10,000, but we still have to track it. You see what I mean? So it becomes a required asset, but not capital. Gotcha, gotcha. Perfect. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, I will make sure to make a user story for that, and we'll work it out in Sprint 2 or 3. Brenda Harrell: Thanks. Jessica Ropicki: Bye-bye. Brady Allred: Alright, Jody then asks, what if someone creates an attractive asset item in My Assets, but not Workday? Brady Allred: How will I get into Workday, or do we not care about those? Jeff responded, my plan for those was to all be opt blue tag assets that will have no Workday integration. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, I wouldn't see those having a Workday integration if they're not in, like, a required category. If it's just something that someone's wanting to track, I think it would just live in my assets myself. Brady Allred: Okay, any other questions? Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so shall we go to our… Jessica Ropicki: Next steps, guys. I want to thank everyone for all the questions and feedback, and bringing up some of these situations to me, so we can make sure that we're capturing them in the future sprints. We'll be taking all this feedback as we move into Sprint 2. Jessica Ropicki: And we'll be starting Sprint 2 in October, working through additional user stories and situations, and we'll be coming back at you again in December to give you another preview of what we've covered in Sprint 2. Jessica Ropicki: So, thank you everyone for your time today, I appreciate it. And after the fact, if you think of any questions, please use the contact information listed here, or please reach out to me individually. I'm happy to talk through any unique situations that you might have. Jessica Ropicki: Thanks, everyone. Have a good day. Gwynn Cadwallader (she/her): Great, thank you, great job!