Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: So, thanks so much for doing this, Jessica. I know that last time we talked, you just planned to have a couple ready for today, or even just one to go through. We're still learning the processes of how to make this Brady Allred: as efficient as possible, but I do have some tips if you're ready to record. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, I actually got a few more done than I thought. Brady Allred: Yay! Jessica Ropicki: But my… I'm prefacing it, like, most of what takes so much time is, like, staging data, and so I could foresee things I think, are ready. Once I start doing it, then it… if the data is not where I thought it should be exactly, then I might have to, like, drop that one, and I'll do it the next time. So, we'll kind of see how many we can get through today. Brady Allred: Okay, sounds good. Brady Allred: Do you know… I'm not sure where we landed with capital projects and… and those. Jessica Ropicki: I don't know that we need to record them, to be honest with you, but that's just my feeling. I am obviously going to make some very detailed instructions and meet with the core office, but those are very strictly core office functions that a few people will be doing. Brady Allred: Sounds good. Well, maybe in that case, then, we can just, do business assets. Brady Allred: For today… is that where… Jessica Ropicki: That's all I got ready, that's all I got. Okay, perfect, perfect. Brady Allred: Alrighty then. Let's see… Brady Allred: Let's see… So, I sent those questions, in the chat earlier. They don't feel like you have to answer those. Brady Allred: They're… they're kind of long-term, what… what… Brady Allred: I'm gonna be looking forward to build trainings and things. Brady Allred: But don't… just go through your business process the way you have it prepared, and… and then I'll throw all that out later. It might be that I ask questions to help get those answers. I don't think I'm gonna do that today, just because it's… Jessica Ropicki: Hmm? Brady Allred: overwhelming. Brady Allred: But at some point, that's probably gonna happen. Brady Allred: And then here's Gwen. I do have… I'm gonna go through these tips one more time. Brady Allred: So, when you share your screen, Brady Allred: we suggest sharing Workday in its own little browser window, and then sharing the application, because that eliminates all of the notifications and stuff that might come in. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Brady Allred: We're gonna have everybody else on the call Brady Allred: Cut their video and their audio. Brady Allred: Jessica, I would also cut your, Brady Allred: video, and just so it's just your screen, that's the only thing that's sharing. We have it set to only record that part, but I like to just have an abundance of caution with these things, because there's nothing worse than having to do it over. Brady Allred: Let's see, what else? Brady Allred: Make sure to… and you're really good at this, just talk slow, use keywords to clarify, call out any notes or caveats, things that need to be mentioned that maybe that's not quite implemented yet, or future-looking, or just things that they should know. Brady Allred: It is helpful to explain who's performing each step. Brady Allred: So, like, say that it's a security role, or the role that it might be. Brady Allred: Let's see… And I think that's it. Do you have any questions for me? Jessica Ropicki: Are you guys gonna be asking me questions while I go through the demo, or is it like, I'm just going? Brady Allred: Are you gonna ask me questions after, or no? Gwynn Cadwallader: I might ask some… Jessica Ropicki: Curious, yes. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, yeah, no, I mean, so in the ones we did this morning, there was a few places where I wasn't clear, or where I thought the IDs might have questions later, so yeah, I was… because these are informal. Yeah. Like, one. Jessica Ropicki: That's what I was thinking, it was a little more informal back and forth a little bit, but maybe… okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yes, yes. Jessica Ropicki: And then, yeah, because, like, what I think is completely obvious may not be, so I was like… Gwynn Cadwallader: Correct. Jessica Ropicki: You guys could tell me that, if that's the case, too. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, yeah. And I know you asked on Friday, but I just wanted… because I know this is a time commitment for you all. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: We really appreciate it, you know, because we want to be as supportive as possible. Gwynn Cadwallader: So, what we're hoping we'll do is take these, videos and help get you started with the materials that will be core office materials. Jessica Ropicki: That helps a lot, because I was just not connecting the dots, I think, of, like, I'm making this recording, but you're not doing core training, so I was not understanding what it was for, but that helps me out a lot. Gwynn Cadwallader: Right, right. We have been practicing our… Gwynn Cadwallader: work with our AI tools, and we can get, Gwynn Cadwallader: my guess is that we can get 50% easy of what you'll need on paper for you, and then your editing as you move through the project, which I think will be a huge leg up. So we're gonna try to… Gwynn Cadwallader: to do that for all the areas where we can fit it in. So, yeah, so I didn't want you to feel like. Gwynn Cadwallader: I don't want you to feel like it was a waste of time, and that you were doing this for nothing. Jessica Ropicki: Well, and I… yeah, I would say I didn't think it was a waste of time, I just was like, I'm not understanding how it's all connecting. So that… that assists me. Would it be, like, I have everything wrote out, I'm saying, is that beneficial to give you for this AI tool at all? Gwynn Cadwallader: Oh, yeah, for sure, right, Brian? Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, that's a big drink. Gwynn Cadwallader: The more inputs we give it, the closer it gets to what we want. I mean, I created something the other day, I got 90% of the way there, just by being really clear about, I need this, I need this, I need this, and then it kind of puts it Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, so, and then we can also put it initially in the format that you'll want to use, which will be ADA compliant, and then. Jessica Ropicki: we'll find. Gwynn Cadwallader: time to teach you all how to keep it ADA compliant, which is not hard. You'll just need to understand the process. Yeah. So that's kind of my end goal, and I don't want to talk about it too much, because it is out of scope, and in. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, Gwynn Cadwallader: But we're also trying to work smart, and the videos is the fastest way for us to capture the information. Gwynn Cadwallader: And be able to get everything we need without asking you a bazillion questions. Jessica Ropicki: I gotcha, I gotcha. Jessica Ropicki: And then I was telling Brady, I think before you got on, I have several to go through, but staging the data is, like, the hardest Jessica Ropicki: most time-consuming part of the process sometimes, so if some data didn't work quite right, I might have to, like, oh, skip that business process, go to the next one, and I'll cover that next time, kind of thing. Sure. I'm hoping that doesn't happen today, but I just could see that happen. Gwynn Cadwallader: Sure, sure, and if it works most of the way, and we can figure it out, like, that's also good, because… Okay. Yeah. Jessica Ropicki: Sounds… sounds like a good plan. Brady Allred: Okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: Thank you. Jessica Ropicki: No problem. Thank you for the clarification. Brady Allred: Gwen, and Jessica, I guess now that Gwen's on, too, did you want to revisit the capital projects idea now? Brady Allred: And that, maybe we don't need to record? Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, I just had to mention to Brady, I didn't think we needed to record, but if you feel differently, you let me know, or if you want to decide later, you can decide later. Jessica Ropicki: But I know when we went over it together in the group with Deloitte, it was kind of like, you know, maybe a case for not recording. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, so… Can we put a pin in that one? Because right now, I have, like, a… Gwynn Cadwallader: big foggy question mark, I think I need to go back and look at my notes. Okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: Because something else came up about capital projects after we met with you all in another work stream, and I just don't remember off the top of my head what it was. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, no problem. Gwynn Cadwallader: But I don't think that one is… Gwynn Cadwallader: It doesn't rise to the top of the list, I don't think. Yep. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, there's not even many processes, to be honest. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, one of the things that did occur to me this morning is… Gwynn Cadwallader: We will need to make sure that where they go in My Assets, when they're taking an asset on a trip. Gwynn Cadwallader: We just need to make sure that we have a good. Gwynn Cadwallader: resource for them to do that, and I don't know if we do or not, Brady. So I just wanted to say that out loud. So they click on My Assets to go fill out the form that says I'm taking my laptop to Egypt or whatever. Yep. Gwynn Cadwallader: we want a resource, whatever they need to do that correctly, and it doesn't necessarily need to be part of this project, but all the places where we link to something within Workday, we want to make sure we cross… Jessica Ropicki: over. Jessica Ropicki: And that would probably be more of a core office thing, because I can tell you what they did a couple years ago, but it could have changed, you know? But yeah, there is, at least as a couple years ago, I believe they had a document, on how to walk you through filling out that foreign travel request. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yep, so… Jessica Ropicki: But that's a big one, so that's a good… I'm glad you're mentioning that. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, and it's not really Lamisha's area in expense. Gwynn Cadwallader: But it's not really Workday, but it needs to be done. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, no, it's… you're exactly right. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: Alright, that's all I had, Brady. Brady Allred: Sounds good. Brady Allred: Jessica, if you are ready to go, I think Gwen and I will turn off our videos and mute ourselves. Brady Allred: And then, just when you switch a business process, just make sure to announce, like. Brady Allred: name the process as you're going through, just because that creates clean-cut chapters. Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Got it. Brady Allred: Perfect. And then we will, chime in with questions and clarifications if needed. Jessica Ropicki: Can you see the Workday screen okay? Brady Allred: Yes. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, perfect. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so my first demo today is going to be the asset registration event. Jessica Ropicki: This is going to be a core office function, and this is going to be initiated by the business asset tracking specialist, or the Business Asset Accountant. Jessica Ropicki: Today, I'm proxied in as Becky Sundeam, so you can see right here, and she has the role of both the business asset tracking specialist and the Business Asset Accountant. Jessica Ropicki: After this step is complete, I just want to reiterate that there is going to be an integration between Workday and MyAssets, and that will occur overnight, whereas both systems' information will end up matching. Jessica Ropicki: And this is going to be the case for all the business asset processes that we discussed today, for which there is corresponding information that's residing in my assets. Jessica Ropicki: So, for today's example, we're going to take one step back from the business asset registration process, because we need to first approve the invoice. Asset management serves as a secondary approver on invoices. Jessica Ropicki: So, for today's example, we're assuming that there was requisition that was already previously submitted by the cost center, and that went through all of its approvals. Jessica Ropicki: And now the invoice was submitted by the cost center manager, and it went through all the approvals on the cost center side, and now is ready for the secondary approval by asset management. So we're going to go to Becky's My Tasks. Jessica Ropicki: And I already have the invoice here that we need to look at today. So, as a secondary approver, she is going to be reviewing the invoice. Most of her detail review is going to be down here at the line level detail. Jessica Ropicki: You can see the PO that this invoice was associated with, someone is buying a freezer. Jessica Ropicki: If we scroll to the right, they used the spin category of freezer refrigeration equipment greater than or equal to 10,000. That's one of the main things Becky's going to be looking for. Is that spin category the correct category? Jessica Ropicki: If she keeps scrolling to the right… Jessica Ropicki: She'll see that the unit cost is $12,000, so that is over the capitalization threshold, so they are using the correct spin category for the item that they're purchasing and the amount of that item. Jessica Ropicki: And if we keep going to the right, you're going to see all of the work tags associated with this purchase. Jessica Ropicki: So now, if she wanted to, she could send this back, say if that spend category was not correct, or if she feels a need to have another asset management team member look at this invoice, she can add an approver, but she's going to say everything is good, and so she's going to approve this. Jessica Ropicki: And back into her inbox here. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see here… Jessica Ropicki: So now she has the step that comes up next. After the secondary asset management approval has been completed on the invoice, the step that's going to come up is they review trackable invoice lines. Jessica Ropicki: Again, this is similar information that was on the invoice, but you'll notice this trackable column. Jessica Ropicki: For every box that the trackable checkbox is checked, it's going to create an individual asset. Jessica Ropicki: So this particular asset is a quantity of one. It is only one box checked. If for some reason this invoice contained two lines, but it was only related to one asset, she would uncheck one of the trackable lines. So for this case, though, everything is good. It has the box trackable, it's over the capitalization threshold, it should be tracked. Jessica Ropicki: So she can go ahead and approve the review trackable lines here. Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Jessica Ropicki: So now, you'll notice the asset registration step. So we're finally at the actual business process that we are intending to complete today, but we needed to complete those other steps to get there. So the asset registration now is going to show up. Jessica Ropicki: You will notice that there is an errors and Alerts. We can click on that. Jessica Ropicki: It's going to show us the errors, which is going to be information that's going to be required to be completed in order to move forward, and the alerts are suggestions. You… in an ideal world, we want this information filled out, but if you don't have that information at the time of asset registration, you do not have to complete it in order to move forward. Jessica Ropicki: So, we'll just kind of keep moving through here as we work the asset registration and complete those errors and alerts if possible. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice these two arrows here in the corner. We're going to toggle to our full-screen view, just to be able to see everything. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… now, the acquisition, let's see… Jessica Ropicki: we have our asset name. This is just going to be a sequential number that's generated by Workday in the order, you know, for the next asset that's out there to be registered. Jessica Ropicki: In many cases, the asset identifier here is going to be the same as the asset name and asset ID. However, I'm going to point out that your asset identifier is equivalent to the current state tag number. So in some cases, we do have tag numbers that are different than the asset name. Jessica Ropicki: And in asset management, those tag numbers are usually going to start out with a 4910AO or US, Jessica Ropicki: And so, for today's purposes, though, we're just going to assume that the asset identifier Jessica Ropicki: It's the same as the asset name. Jessica Ropicki: Now, this asset description came over from the invoice, and sometimes the Jessica Ropicki: person generating the requisition or invoice isn't necessarily providing the same level of detail that we would like in asset management, so you are able to change this asset description to just be a little more detailed and in the format that you want the asset to be registered under. Jessica Ropicki: Now, the serial number, again, serial number and manufacturer were those two alerts that we saw earlier. You do not have to fill them out, because you may not have that information at the time of asset registration, but if you do, you want to go ahead and fill them out. Jessica Ropicki: So we'll just put in an asset number here. Jessica Ropicki: And we will put in a manufacturer here. Jessica Ropicki: Now, you'll notice the asset class, asset type, are already pre-populated. These are pre-populated based upon that spin category that was selected, on the requisition and invoice, and that's why it's really important when Becky's doing her secondary approval. Jessica Ropicki: Of the invoice, she's making sure that asset spend category, is correct, because it will pre-populate this information based upon the most common, Jessica Ropicki: the commonly used, information. So, say, like, she had freezer refrigeration. The most common asset class associated with the freezer and refrigeration spin category was a freezer ultra-cold. Jessica Ropicki: She could change this to something different, say, like a refrigerator, but for today's purposes, she is buying a freezer, so the asset class that pre-populated is correct. Jessica Ropicki: Again, the asset type is pre-populated based upon that spin category that was selected, so the asset type of furniture and equipment is correct in this case, but if for some reason you did need to change it, you could do that now. Jessica Ropicki: And the coordinating cost center, that's also coming over from the invoice. So, who was purchasing that asset? The example we had today only had one cost center making that purchase. If there was multiple cost centers, that were making the purchase, you would review the information. Jessica Ropicki: And you would populate the coordinating cost center based upon the select rules that the core offices used to determine who's actually in charge of the asset. And a lot of… most often, that would be, like, who paid the most for the item, or who had the most restrictive source of funding for the item. Gwynn Cadwallader: So, Jessica, can I ask a quick question here? Yes. So, if you are splitting this between IFAS and, say, engineering, or something like that, would… Gwynn Cadwallader: How do you get the second line? Jessica Ropicki: This information would not be pre-populated. There would be… this asset shares column would have, like, a 2 in it, and you could click on the 2 to see how was this asset funded, and then the internal… the core office has a methodology that they use to then decide who is going to be that coordinating cost center. Got it. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Jessica Ropicki: Awesome. Gwynn Cadwallader: Thank you. Jessica Ropicki: No problem. I can't even remember who I had on here. So then the asset coordinator, we're going to want to assign, the asset coordinator is equivalent to current state department contact in my assets. And so for today's purposes, we're going to say this is Dhoni. Jessica Ropicki: And then we're going to make sure she gets assigned, and your asset coordinator is the one who's going to be in charge of, like, in my assets, completing the kind of more cost center tasks, such as transfers, disposals, surplus, those type of operations. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, let's see. Now, I do want to point out that assets are going to require a location work tag in Workday. This information is coming from STARS, an asset Jessica Ropicki: needs to be reported at a minimum at the building level, but can also be reported down to the floor or room level. And if at all possible, we want to give as much detail as possible, so the room level is our kind of gold star in this case. Jessica Ropicki: All right, and then the other work tags listed here are what came over from the, the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: So now, we'll go ahead and hit those toggle bars back. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice the error and alert, they're going to stay up there until I hit submit, and then, fingers crossed, we don't have any more. Jessica Ropicki: So we submitted. Jessica Ropicki: Yay. Jessica Ropicki: So the asset registration event is now complete. Jessica Ropicki: So, I am going to go now to Demo 2. Jessica Ropicki: Which is going to be my asset assigned accounting event. Jessica Ropicki: Again, this is going to be a core office function. This can be completed by the role of business asset accountant. Jessica Ropicki: And in here, all of the information primarily is coming over from that invoice and that asset registration step that you just completed. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna hit the toggle bars to go to a larger screen again. Jessica Ropicki: My main focus is going to be this asset book information column right here. Jessica Ropicki: So again, like I just mentioned, a lot of this information came over from the previous steps. I'm just wanting to ensure that the accounting treatment for this asset is correct. Jessica Ropicki: And again, based upon the spin category selected, it is going to pre-populate a lot of this information. Jessica Ropicki: All of it has an X if for some reason you do need to change it. Jessica Ropicki: So, the accounting treatment is correct. It is a depreciable capital asset, because it was over that capitalization threshold. Jessica Ropicki: Depending on what type of item they were buying, a freezer, this depreciable profile is going to automatically populate with the depreciable life. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… Now, if for some reason Jessica Ropicki: It's going… so it is always going to default to a depreciation profile upon acquisition. If you had a work-in-progress asset, like you were building something, and you're acquiring just the first piece of that, and it's not ready to be put into service, you can change this depreciation profile. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see, we can show… To manually or when issued. Jessica Ropicki: And then at a later date, once you complete that work-in-progress asset, you could, put the asset into service. So, upon acquisition, it's going to automatically put it into service, whereas the manually, or when issued, it's going to have the extra step of you having to manually put it into service at a later date. Jessica Ropicki: Again, this information is just pre-populating from the SPIN category selected, and everything else is coming over, again, from the invoice. It's also showing you the invoice detail here of which supplier invoice this asset was associated with. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so let's hit the 2. Jessica Ropicki: Boxes? Jessica Ropicki: And we will hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: If you click the view details, you'll see that this process was successfully completed. Jessica Ropicki: And… I'm gonna go ahead and click on the asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: Now, that concluded Demo 2 of the Asset Assign Accounting Event Business Process. Jessica Ropicki: So this is the asset that we just registered, and we just did the assign accounting information, and now I'm going to go to the third demo, which is the asset issue event. Jessica Ropicki: The asset issue event is the action of assigning a registered asset to a worker. I will point out that not all assets will be issued to a worker. This task can be completed by both the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant Workday. Jessica Ropicki: All assets will have an asset coordinator, though, which you saw we had completed an asset registration event earlier. Jessica Ropicki: So a cost center asset coordinator can issue assets to a worker in My Assets, for which an integration will occur overnight between Workday and My Assets. The asset issue event that I'm doing right now is if the core office was going to issue that asset to a worker. Jessica Ropicki: And if all possible, we do try to issue it to a worker at the time of, like, registration and completing the accounting. Jessica Ropicki: So… Let's see… Jessica Ropicki: And we will have the asset ID, this little three dots here is going to be related actions. We're going to click on that. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna go to Business Asset, and we're gonna go to Issue to a Worker. Jessica Ropicki: Here, you'll see this box is ready to be populated, Issue 2. Jessica Ropicki: So now we're gonna say this asset, this freezer, which was purchased, is, gonna be associated with Anna's lab. So we're gonna assign it to her. All the work tags are carrying over from the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: And then we can hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And then I'll… we are in here. You will see now, this is the same asset that we were working on. The issue 2 is populated with Ana My ROS. Jessica Ropicki: And that concludes the asset issue registration event. Jessica Ropicki: So now, I'm gonna go to Demo 4, and for Demo 4, I'm gonna do the Asset Useful Life Update event. Jessica Ropicki: Now, this task can be completed by the Business Asset Accountant Workday. Jessica Ropicki: There's going to be two parts to this, event that we could complete. You can adjust the useful life, or you could correct the useful life. Our first example… Jessica Ropicki: We are going to adjust the useful life, so I'm going to pull up a different asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Now, let's see… So, you'll notice that whenever I click on this Accounting tab below. Jessica Ropicki: It shows me the useful life here in periods. It's 120 periods, so 120 months. Jessica Ropicki: If I go to this Related Actions button, same Related Actions button we were using earlier, for the Issue 2, but I'm going to click that. Jessica Ropicki: And I am going to adjust the useful life. Jessica Ropicki: Now, the adjust useful life is different from the correct useful life in the sense that the adjust useful life is a perspective change, so a change in the estimate, so to speak. Jessica Ropicki: So, if you had said, for example, you had an asset that is expected to last 2 years longer than you had originally estimated, this would be where you would come in and complete that step. Jessica Ropicki: Now, you can enter in the new life here, in periods. Jessica Ropicki: Did it not work? Jessica Ropicki: Oops, sorry, wrong box. Jessica Ropicki: In the proposed useful life. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna click Submit. Jessica Ropicki: View the details, I can see it's successfully completed. I'm gonna go back to the asset here. Jessica Ropicki: I am going to go back to that Accounting tab, and you'll see now the useful life and periods is 132. So I changed it from 120 to 132. Jessica Ropicki: Now, when we go to the Depreciation Detail tab, You'll notice that the Jessica Ropicki: The depreciation was $625 per month, so in January, February, and March. Jessica Ropicki: It started… it was completing it under the old useful life, the dollar value. But now, we, adjust that life, we extended it, so that means less depreciation is going to be taken every month. Jessica Ropicki: So it's adjusting for the month we're completing the transaction, and then going forward, it's just changing that to the new depreciation method. So it's a prospective change. Jessica Ropicki: I will say that I do not anticipate that this will be used much, if at all, by the core office, but it is an option that's going to display under your related actions, so I wanted to make sure you understood what it was, you know, going to be doing if you select that task to complete. Jessica Ropicki: Now, the option, I think, that more often is going to be used by the core office is going to be Correct the useful life. Jessica Ropicki: So I'm gonna pull up another asset. Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna go correct the useful life on this one. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we, again, we're going to click on the Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: Business asset? Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to correct useful life. Jessica Ropicki: Oh… There's a disposal in progress on this. Darn it. Jessica Ropicki: So, I probably am going to have to come back. Jessica Ropicki: Let me see if I can find another one to do. Jessica Ropicki: Sorry, guys. Brady Allred: And no worries, if you need to. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna see if that first one will let me go correct it, but I don't… I don't think it will, so let me just go back. Jessica Ropicki: Maybe. Jessica Ropicki: I know. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… I don't want to necessarily mess up any other assets I had staged, so I think I'm gonna have to go back. Jessica Ropicki: And do the correct useful life, one of our next recording sessions. Brady Allred: No worries, that works just fine. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so we'll conclude that demo, and we're going to go to the next demo, which is going to be the Asset Adjust in Service Date event. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… this task is going to be completed by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant in Workday. Jessica Ropicki: We are gonna go to our staged asset here. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so again, we're going to click on the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: button, business asset, and then we're going to go to our… let's see, where is it? Jessica Ropicki: just… Oh, darn it. Jessica Ropicki: Seeing if I see the in-service state. Jessica Ropicki: Sorry, guys. Jessica Ropicki: Hmm. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, we're gonna go back again. Jessica Ropicki: I'll tell you, that's why I feel like half of the battle is getting everything staged. Brady Allred: Yeah, no worries, things like that. Brady Allred: Happened, so it's not a… not a problem at all. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we're going back to one of our earlier assets. We're going to adjust the asset and service date here. So, you will go to your related actions, business asset, Adjust and Service Date. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… from here, you can enter in the new date that you want to change. The current date is 1-30-2026. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna say that actually it should be at the beginning. Actually, we'll go back. Jessica Ropicki: February… now, what's it telling me? Jessica Ropicki: Oh, sorry, this is actually a good error to show up, and I actually had a note to talk about this, too. So, the item I want to note here is that you cannot adjust the in-service state earlier than the transaction affected date for the useful life adjustment that we just did, and you cannot adjust your in-service date to be before the, Jessica Ropicki: asset acquisition date as well. So, let me see if I can change it to today. That work? Yeah. Okay. Jessica Ropicki: And I will hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And then you can set view details, it's successfully completed. I'm gonna go back to that asset page. Jessica Ropicki: And if we scroll down, the date placed in service under General Information is now 3-9-20-26. Jessica Ropicki: And that concludes Demo 5, which was the Asset Adjust and Service Date event. Jessica Ropicki: So, I'm gonna try with this same asset to do the next business registration. I'm going to work on the, I'm sorry, the next business process. I'm going to work on the asset reclassification of it. Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to go to the business. Jessica Ropicki: Actions, and reclassify. Jessica Ropicki: And so this task can be completed by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant in Workday, and an asset reclasservation event is a business process used to correct or update the asset details. Jessica Ropicki: From here, you can change the spin category, the asset class, the asset type, or the useful life. Now, we were changing the useful life in the previous business process, and if you were to change it, the useful life on this screen, I just want to point out that it is a perspective change. So let's just say that, you know, this wasn't a roof, it was a building structure. Jessica Ropicki: I could change that spin category here, I could hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: We can view the details, successful. We'll go back to the roof. Jessica Ropicki: And then now it is, going to have… let's see… The… accounting? Is it still? Jessica Ropicki: Looking for that spin category. Jessica Ropicki: To have changed. Jessica Ropicki: Sorry guys. Jessica Ropicki: So it's telling me it's successful. Jessica Ropicki: Dick. Jessica Ropicki: Proposed to the current… Wanna hit. Jessica Ropicki: Let me check the process, it's complete. Jessica Ropicki: Done. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to 19, maybe I just need to refresh, guys. Yep. Jessica Ropicki: Was that it, or no? Jessica Ropicki: Nope, alright, I'm gonna have to redo that one, too. Brady Allred: No worries. Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Gwynn Cadwallader: We, we did see the proposed in one of your. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: screens, right? Jessica Ropicki: I just think this would have changed already, though. Yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay, so that… there is where it should say structure. Jessica Ropicki: I think so, yes. I'm surprised that it's not saying it there. Okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: Because you went from roof to structure. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. Yeah. I was seeing if anything was showing up in her. Jessica Ropicki: No. Brady Allred: instead of… It's not a process that needs to be. Jessica Ropicki: That's what I was just looking to see, yeah, but it doesn't seem like it, because if I go to process history, and I scroll down, just did this reclassification, it says complete, so… Jessica Ropicki: Yeah… I don't know, I'll investigate that one, and it won't take but a minute to redo. Jessica Ropicki: I'll try one more. You can take a break, too. You've been talking for a minute, and drink water if you need to. Well, I only have one more that I haven't even prepped, so let's hope it works. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: But we will try as well, with the same asset here. Jessica Ropicki: It might give us an error, but we'll see. So, this demo is going to be, Demo 7, the asset transfer event. Jessica Ropicki: This task can be initiated by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant Workday, but it must be approved by a business asset accountant who is not the initiator. So, there are some approvals built on the business processes, and the asset transfer event is one that does require an approval. Jessica Ropicki: So, if an asset transfer… it's a business process that's going to be used to move an asset to a new call center or other work tags, which could also be a new worker or a new location. Jessica Ropicki: And… let's see… Jessica Ropicki: the asset transfer and workday can be, can have approvals on it, like I just said, and the business asset account is going to be required to approve this one. So on this asset, we're going to go to the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: Business Asset, and we're gonna go down to Transfer. Jessica Ropicki: Now here, you can add a transfer comment if you want. So you could say, like, updating call center… Jessica Ropicki: And maybe down here, we want to transfer it to a worker. Here's the current set of, work tags that it's associated with. There is no worker. Jessica Ropicki: So let's put this to Ana. Jessica Ropicki: And then, you know, it's just listed as being an Heirs Medical Plaza, but maybe we want to give that some more detail. Jessica Ropicki: So we're gonna tell it the room number it's associated with as well, and then we're gonna also change the cost center here. Jessica Ropicki: And, yeah, so… This is different from current state, and current state transfer, we just think, is transferring Jessica Ropicki: the chart fields or work tags, but in Workday, a transfer also is a transfer to a worker, or a transfer to location. Now. Jessica Ropicki: This is… is if the core office was completing the transfer. Most of the time, it's going to be the cost centers going to My Assets to complete these transfers, and then that would integrate overnight. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna hit submit… oops, what's the error? Jessica Ropicki: It doesn't want you to issue it to a worker, or transfer it to a worker until it's been issued to a worker. So we'll say for this example, we're just changing the location and the cost center. Jessica Ropicki: And like I said, now it's going to Chowbert, who is the business asset accountant, to approve the transaction. Jessica Ropicki: Do you want me to go through the approval, or no? Gwynn Cadwallader: I… I would. What do you think, Brady? Brady Allred: Might as well. Go horn. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna start proxy. Jessica Ropicki: So now, you'll see I'm proxied in as Chalbert Colon. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna go to my tasks. Jessica Ropicki: He has an asset transfer sitting in his box, waiting for approval. Jessica Ropicki: He can scroll down and see it's transferring from, transferring to, what's changing, does it make sense, and then he can approve. Jessica Ropicki: Well, this is a different error. Jessica Ropicki: So you can just pretend that worked correctly. I don't know what that error means. So I'll investigate that. Gwynn Cadwallader: We like to pretend. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. There was no error. Okay, so that concludes the asset transfer event, and that's all that I had gotten ready for today. Jessica Ropicki: So I will stop my share. Brady Allred: Oh, thanks. Gwynn Cadwallader: That wasn't. Brady Allred: Thank you so much. Aw, thank you! Jessica Ropicki: Well, I was like, I know something's not gonna work, like, you know, for CCS, you're, like, testing and testing and testing, you know, so definitely didn't have time to do all that, but… Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah. Jessica Ropicki: I think I got through a good bit, though. Gwynn Cadwallader: Oh, no, it was great. There's a lot of moving… Jessica Ropicki: pieces, and I think this is the… Gwynn Cadwallader: the question around the sandbox. Like, people want a sandbox. Gwynn Cadwallader: But a sandbox is only useful if all the stuff in there is ready. Jessica Ropicki: Right, I know. Gwynn Cadwallader: used, right? Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. You know, so. Gwynn Cadwallader: Anyway, but… You're very good at this! Jessica Ropicki: Well, I'll say that. This is all stuff the core office is doing, and the cost centers will go to my assets to complete it, and the integration. But there are situations, like, yeah, where the core office is going to have to do, all of these different things. Yeah. Jessica Ropicki: I am gonna… my thought process, and you guys let me know if you disagree, is that our sacred time tomorrow, I could use to prep more, business processes, and then we could record again on Thursday? Would that be okay? Brady Allred: Okay. Yep. Jessica Ropicki: Just because it does take more time than you think to get all this ready. It does, no, no. Gwynn Cadwallader: Right, I mean, that's why we put the time in there, so that… and every group is go… every group needs something a little bit different, so yes. Gwynn Cadwallader: This is great. Jessica Ropicki: So that would give me the time. So I'm kind of hoping that Thursday I would be able to finish the asset business processes, or be very close to that, for the demos, and then, I'm out the following week, on vacation, so… Jessica Ropicki: Good for you. And then, if you want to round on… Your project codes. Gwynn Cadwallader: projects, yeah. Jessica Ropicki: And just let me know what you… whatever way you want to go on that. Jessica Ropicki: And then after, spring break, I can work on the capital projects, if we want to go that route. Jessica Ropicki: In terms of the demos I'm gonna do for Thursday, is there anything you want me to do different? Brady Allred: I thought that was excellent. Brady Allred: I, you know, you were very clear, you walked through the steps, and… Brady Allred: called things out. I think that… Brady Allred: Gwen, do you have any suggestions? Gwynn Cadwallader: - no, it's great. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, and hopefully all my data will work Thursday. Brady Allred: Right. Yeah. And if not, that's okay. We'll adjust. Jessica Ropicki: I appreciate you saying that, Brady, because I appreciated, while I was messing up, I'm like, oh no. Gwynn Cadwallader: No, no, you don't even need to apologize, right? It's like, it's all good. We can actually see it, because I think on that screen where it didn't update, it would have showed up in that title, but then down below, it would also have had the correct details. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: Right, yeah. So, I think we have a good sense of what that looks like. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, and that… hopefully I'll… that shouldn't take a minute if I can get one to work correctly to do again, so… Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Awesome. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay, does that mean we finished in 42 minutes? Brady Allred: I know, sorry. Gwynn Cadwallader: on it. She's on it. Well, I'm a fast talker. Jessica Ropicki: her, too, so… Nikki Kelton: Good, though. You were slow enough. It was… it was easy to understand. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay, good, good. Yeah, awesome. It was, it was. Nikki, I might need you or Anna to kind of weigh in on that capital projects thing, because that's actually never really been part of my world, and I'm still trying to wrap my head around it, make sure I really understand everything, and the crossovers. Gwynn Cadwallader: and how important or not important they are, right? At what level they're important? Nikki Kelton: Capital projects have to be… I mean, there's more people involved in it, is the problem. Like, it's not just, you know, asset management. Then you have to get… Nikki Kelton: Depreciation, and you have to track it, and you have to make sure that that person in the department's aware. Nikki Kelton: Yeah, we'll have to talk about that and see. Nikki Kelton: I don't think we should have to do a whole… Nikki Kelton: big segment on it, though. I think it's too in-depth for that. Like, I don't… I don't think it's gonna affect enough people. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, most of the business processes I would be doing, honestly, would just be, like, one role we created of the, construction project accountant. A lot of the, Jessica Ropicki: other folks, like the project managers and the cost administrators, or cost managers, I think they're called now, they're kind of on the invoice approval part, or working in ACC, this other system that they use. So the workday piece is kind of just falling primarily on the Jessica Ropicki: Construction project account. Jessica Ropicki: That we created. Jessica Ropicki: But yeah, you guys let me know, and we'll go from there. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay. Either way is fine. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay, so Nikki, I pulled up my notes. We said everything was a core office function. Gwynn Cadwallader: That it might be helpful for them to understand the hierarchies first, and then the project? Gwynn Cadwallader: And then, how to convert capital to non-capital. Gwynn Cadwallader: Make sure we record multiple funding sources, and the rules for using multiple funding sources. Gwynn Cadwallader: And then setting up project asset rules. Gwynn Cadwallader: Setting up the budget, I, I can… Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, all these notes are in that spreadsheet, Brady. Gwynn Cadwallader: So, I'm wondering if we want to take a look at these notes and really use them to guide us? Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, because there's only 4 business processes, but there is all those other things, yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yep. And then we had said maybe the non-capital, actually are in Sean's area with the FDM. Nikki Kelton: Yeah, because that's where we didn't know… when we first did the original round, remember, we didn't know where things were gonna land? Gwynn Cadwallader: Yep. Nikki Kelton: So we kind of put, like, trigger points for us to do it later, but we didn't want to get stuck on it in our first round when we did the customer confirmation sessions. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, and then we said non-construction and non-capital projects are FDM with departments, so those, I think, are the ones that I'm… Gwynn Cadwallader: the most concern? Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: That'll be touching. Jessica Ropicki: than most people. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah. Correct. Jessica Ropicki: Hmm. Gwynn Cadwallader: So is… so is that you, Jessica, or is that… Jessica Ropicki: Sean is… so, I know this is… I am non-capital construction projects. Sean is. Nikki Kelton: Yes. Jessica Ropicki: Non-capital. Non-construction. Nikki Kelton: So, if it isn't part of a construction, like a build, a huge build, it's not going to touch Jessica's. So, if it is construction, and it is… and it has to go through PD&C, and it has to go through the ACC, which is the PDC's new development program. Gwynn Cadwallader: Huh. Nikki Kelton: then it's gonna touch Jessica's piece that she's training on. If it is not part of those two systems, then it would go to Sean's with FDM. Nikki Kelton: So you have capital assets that are construction, which is like a building, a whole new development, and then you have capital assets that are just, like, a freezer. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yep. Nikki Kelton: it's a capital asset, but it isn't part of a whole construction, then that's going to be Sean's side. So I think the ones that Sean does are gonna be imperative that we nail those and get those really done, just because I think they're gonna be more higher level CFO office only, core office only. Nikki Kelton: Because if you have the role. Nikki Kelton: Only the people that do that construction are gonna have that role, so… Jessica Ropicki: Yeah. Nikki Kelton: It's a very slick few, probably, I'd say, 8 people, and all the universities have that role. Nikki Kelton: Simple. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, it's. Jessica Ropicki: Small people, yeah. Gwynn Cadwallader: Okay, so I want to make sure, because all these words run together in my mind. So, Sean is non-construction, non-capital projects. Jessica Ropicki: Yes. Gwynn Cadwallader: I got that right. Okay. Gwynn Cadwallader: So then, Nikki, in your opinion, do we really need… if only 8 people at the university do it, that is not something that we would normally get involved with at all, so how do you want to handle that for the core office? Do you want a recording from Jessica? Nikki Kelton: I think what she's done so far is great, and she is a really good instructor. Like, I actually wish she could do more of our videos for some of this, because Nikki Kelton: I think people get the most out of her videos, of everybody I sit in on. Nikki Kelton: And because this is so important, and you're talking about some of the most money that the university spends, I think if we have the capacity, I think it would be really helpful. Okay. If we don't, and we need to cut something, then this would be one of the places I would say cut, because it doesn't hit as many people as some of the other areas. So, I really think it's up to time. Nikki Kelton: And… money, and… Nikki Kelton: space. If we have it, I think it would be really great because, like I said, the people… the 8 people do all the… the entire university, and we have a lot of construction Nikki Kelton: Going on, and even more coming, so… Nikki Kelton: But it's up to you guys. Jessica Ropicki: Well, and I'll just say, like, I learn from writing things out, so I'm going to have written instructions out for sure, and if I'm… Jessica Ropicki: using what you're helping with for the asset piece, I'll know how to format it for the project piece, and can kind of build off of that, just throwing that out there. Nikki Kelton: And it may be where we just have, like, a really good, you know, if we have your notes, and then the notes that we build from AI, that will probably be fine, and then. Nikki Kelton: I think, to be 100% honest with you, when this launches, I think that the 8 people should sit with you. Jessica Ropicki: Oh, for sure. I actually want to, like, come over, like. Nikki Kelton: And that's what I'm saying, like, if we can do that one-on-one training, I think that would be really instrumental. So, Gwen, if you wanted to maybe not do so many videos and not have that correspondence, but we just have Jessica on speed dial. Jessica Ropicki: You'll call her in! I think that would be really beneficial. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, without the video, we lose a bunch of resources to feed into the AI, right? Because we feed in the transcript, we feed in the AI companion notes, we can feed in Jessica's notes, and then we have a… Nikki Kelton: everything. Gwynn Cadwallader: Pretty decent source document. Gwynn Cadwallader: And then the time… so I guess the… the rub, Jessica, is how much time would it take you to set it up? I don't… the recordings don't take that long, it's the getting. Jessica Ropicki: and all the pieces. Gwynn Cadwallader: together. Jessica Ropicki: I mean, I think as long as you're… which you all seem to be very understanding, if you're like… if I'm like, hey, I cannot handle it this week, and I can do it next week, then I think I'm fine to do it. I just… Jessica Ropicki: need to make sure I have the time to get them properly ready, is all. Gwynn Cadwallader: Perfect. Nikki Kelton: Full disclosure, you're the first person to have a full segment done today. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, that's good to know. Nikki Kelton: And this is my fourth training today, so you're doing pretty good. You're ahead of the curve. Jessica Ropicki: Thank you, thank you. Gwynn Cadwallader: See, part of the reason I have to help Nikki is I can't let her leave, right? Jessica Ropicki: She can't leave the job. Gwynn Cadwallader: training island, so I have to… I have to get her some rewards. Yes. Nikki Kelton: I'm good. Gwynn Cadwallader: Go nowhere. Nikki Kelton: I'm here. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yeah, yeah, so, Jessica and Dhoni, we'll have some for you, too. I haven't figured out what they are yet, but I'll figure it out. Jessica Ropicki: Sounds good. Gwynn Cadwallader: Alright, I appreciate you guys. Anything else, Brady, before we all jump off? Brady Allred: Nope, this looks great. I'll… Jessica Ropicki: We're not meeting Tuesday, we're gonna meet Thursday. Gwynn Cadwallader: Yes. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Perfect, thank you. Nikki Kelton: Have a great week! Jessica Ropicki: Alright, bye!