Jessica Ropicki: change. So, Oops, do I need to start over? Brady Allred: Sorry, Jessica, yeah, I thought I started the recording, but I did not. Jessica Ropicki: No problem, no problem. Jessica Ropicki: I just got a little extra practice in. Okay, all right, so this is going to be, the second half of the Demo 4, which is the Asset Useful Life Event Update. Jessica Ropicki: That event includes two items, which is the Adjust Useful Life and the Correct Useful Life, and the part I'm going to be doing now is the Correct Useful Life. Jessica Ropicki: So we're gonna go to the asset in question. Jessica Ropicki: For which we need to correct the useful life, which is this asset here. We are going to go to the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: business asset. Jessica Ropicki: And then, Correct Useful Life. Jessica Ropicki: Now, a correct useful life is a retrospective change, so it's going to be to fix an error. So, for example, if you had an asset that was actually given a 2-year life, but really it should have a 10-year life, this is where you would go to make that change. Jessica Ropicki: You can enter in the correct number of periods here in this proposed field. We're going to change it to 132 periods. Jessica Ropicki: And then we're going to hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And then we can view details, successful. Jessica Ropicki: And we can go back to the asset. Jessica Ropicki: And then, if you go to the Accounting tab, and you will scroll down, you'll see the useful life and periods is now updated to 132 periods. Jessica Ropicki: And then when we go to the Depreciation Detail tab. Jessica Ropicki: you'll see that, starting, back in the month when it was originally, depreciation began back in, January, because this is a retrospective change, it is making this adjustment all the way back to January, and if we scroll down, you'll see the Jessica Ropicki: the months going forward now have that updated amount as well. So it changed everything previously that occurred, because it's retrospective, and then going forward, it just has the new amount. Jessica Ropicki: And that concludes the demo for second half, which is the correct useful life. Jessica Ropicki: Okay… So now… Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to go to the Demo 6, which had a little bit of an issue last time. So Demo 6 is your asset reclassification event, and this task can be completed by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant Workday. Jessica Ropicki: An asset reclassification event is a business process used to correct or update some of the asset details. So we are going to go to one of the assets we have here in the system. Jessica Ropicki: And again, we're gonna go to… next to that asset ID, we're gonna click on the Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: And then we're gonna go down to reclassify. Jessica Ropicki: So, the item we're going to reclassify today is, right now, we're going to change the spin category. Currently, it's a structure. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna change it to a roof. Jessica Ropicki: All the other items automatically updated. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Gonna hit View Details. It says it's successful. We're gonna go back into the asset. Jessica Ropicki: And you can see the spin category has successfully been updated to roof, where it was previously structured. Jessica Ropicki: So, that concludes the Demo 6 for the asset reclassification event. Jessica Ropicki: So now, we are going to start Demo 8. Jessica Ropicki: Which is the Asset Cost Adjustment Event. This is going to be a longer demo. Jessica Ropicki: So this task can be completed by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant Workday. The asset cost adjustment event is used to modify the recorded value of an asset after its initial acquisition, such as adding components or correcting the cost. Jessica Ropicki: This is going to be, going to include both the related actions of adjust acquisition cost, so if we go to this related actions. Jessica Ropicki: Here, we have adjust acquisition Cost, and we have adjust post-acquisition cost. Jessica Ropicki: For the action of a just acquisition cost, this is going to be a retrospective change. This would be used to reflect the asset's initial correct value. So, for example, we have a supplier invoice, maybe, that came through with a credit balance related to a partial refund, that was approved by the business asset accountant. Jessica Ropicki: Then we want to go back, and we want to adjust the, Jessica Ropicki: acquisition cost. So, for today's example. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to kind of go back to that invoice level and pull up one Jessica Ropicki: Just like we were talking about it a minute ago. Jessica Ropicki: Now, here, if we scroll down. Jessica Ropicki: The invoice has already been approved by asset management as a secondary approver, and we're at the step of a review trackable invoice lines. Jessica Ropicki: So, if we know this, Jessica Ropicki: Invoices coming through, and we see, oh, there's a credit balance on here. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to need to apply this credit balance and reduce the value of our asset by this amount. Jessica Ropicki: So, in order to do that, though, we have to get at this trackable box here. We know we don't need… if the box is checked, it's going to create a brand new asset. That's not what we're trying to accomplish here. We know we need to reduce the value of an existing asset, so we're going to uncheck that box. Jessica Ropicki: And then we're going to approve. Jessica Ropicki: I'll just take a second. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so success. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so in this case, again, because we were applying a partial refund for the existing asset, we unchecked that box so that our asset was not generated. Now we need to know the asset ID that the invoice is associated with, so that we can make that change to that asset. Jessica Ropicki: Now, usually, the cost center would be in communication with asset management, and they would already know the asset ID that needs to be adjusted, and they would have added that maybe in a memo field on the invoice itself. Otherwise, if it wasn't indicated on the memo, the asset management team would reach out to the cost center. Jessica Ropicki: To figure out what asset is this refund associated with. Jessica Ropicki: So this is going to now… Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna assume that the cost center had told us what asset that refund was associated with. We're going to go to that asset. Jessica Ropicki: And again… by the SAID, Related Actions, business asset. Jessica Ropicki: Adjust acquisition costs. Jessica Ropicki: So now it's going to bring us to a screen here, giving us a little bit of information on the asset, and we're going to be focusing on the supplier invoice line and these columns to the right. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so now… Jessica Ropicki: We need to know the invoice that had the refund on it, so you're going to have to keep track of that information. Jessica Ropicki: But you… if you put in the invoice number, it's going to auto-populate some of the columns to the right, so it's going to bring in over that adjustment amount of, the, refund of $100. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, you're then gonna select the adjustment reason here. Jessica Ropicki: And in this case, it was a refund, so we're going to select refund. Jessica Ropicki: Then, we're gonna hit the submit button. Jessica Ropicki: And then we can click View Details. Process was successful. Jessica Ropicki: If we go back to the asset… Jessica Ropicki: We can see it had an original cost of $12,000, now that $100 refund has been applied, and the cost has gone down to $11,900. Jessica Ropicki: And if we go to the depreciation summary. Jessica Ropicki: You can see that cost for depreciation has also updated here, so the value, that is getting depreciated, is based upon this $11,900. Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Jessica Ropicki: So, we are going to continue with this demo, and now we're going to do the adjust post-acquisition costs. This is going to be a prospective change, and this would be used for, say, if you were adding a component to an asset. So, for example, we have a supplier invoice that came through. Jessica Ropicki: And it was already approved by the business asset accountant. Now the more invoice is going to be at the… Jessica Ropicki: Review trackable line step again. Jessica Ropicki: So we're gonna find that invoice that we have staged. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so we have an invoice that's coming through here. Jessica Ropicki: It's for $2,000. And again, the cost center would have indicated on the invoice itself what asset this additional component is getting added to. Jessica Ropicki: And again, we have to do this trackable lines, step that we're at, and we want to uncheck the trackable box, because we do not want to generate a new asset, we want to adjust the value of an existing asset. Jessica Ropicki: So we will uncheck that box. Jessica Ropicki: We will approve. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now we know the asset ID. We're actually going to go back into this same asset. Jessica Ropicki: That we had done the refund on. Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna… we're processing another invoice to add value to this asset. Jessica Ropicki: So, original, original value of this asset was $12,000. It had a $100 refund. Jessica Ropicki: Now it's going to have a $2,000 additional component added. Jessica Ropicki: So by going to this asset, and we can go to the related actions, Business Asset, adjust post-acquisition cost. Jessica Ropicki: And you notice the screen is similar and the same as the previous instance, but it does clearly say that it's going to be a post-acquisition cost adjustment. Jessica Ropicki: So, again, you would need to know the supplier invoice number that you need to add the value from to this asset. Jessica Ropicki: And again, it brings over the amount from that asset. This is an editable field, so for example, if that additional component maybe was related to two assets, you could adjust this to, like, $1,000 if it needed only a partial amount getting applied to this particular asset. Jessica Ropicki: But in our case, we're saying this whole $2,000 is related to this one asset, and the value needs to increase. Jessica Ropicki: by that $2,000. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, if we go to the adjustment reason… Jessica Ropicki: We can do an invoice add value reason. Jessica Ropicki: And we will hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: You can view the details, success. Jessica Ropicki: We can go back into the asset. Jessica Ropicki: You'll now see the current capital cost has increased by that $2,000. It is $13,900. Jessica Ropicki: If we go to the depreciation summary… Jessica Ropicki: You will see that the cost for depreciation is now the $13,900. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: That concludes Demo 8 of Adjust Cost The asset cost adjustment event. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to go into Demo 9 now. Jessica Ropicki: Demo 9 is the asset share event. Jessica Ropicki: This task can be completed by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant in Workday. Jessica Ropicki: Asset shares enable you to split asset costs and depreciation across multiple cost centers or other work tags. Jessica Ropicki: So when you register assets from a supplier invoice or purchase order receipt with line splits, Workdays automatically creates the corresponding asset shares. Jessica Ropicki: However, when there are multiple lines associated with one asset, there will be times you need to adjust the asset shares in order to correctly reflect the funding for that asset. Jessica Ropicki: So I want us to think of a situation where we have a microscope that has two parts that are being assembled as one tagged asset. Jessica Ropicki: The invoice is for the purchase of one microscope with two parts, and each part is on a separate line item of the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: In addition, each invoice line is using a different funding source. Jessica Ropicki: So our end goal here is that we need to reflect that each individual microscope has two funding sources. Jessica Ropicki: Now, due to the way we have to complete the review trackable line step, whereby we only select one line to generate the asset, the funding tied to that asset is going to be off in that asset shares. And so this step is going to allow us to update the asset shares to correctly reflect how that asset was purchased and funded. Jessica Ropicki: So, for example, we're gonna go look again in Becky's tasks. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna find the invoice that we have staged. Jessica Ropicki: And again, we are at the review trackable lines step. Jessica Ropicki: Here you'll notice that we're going to go, we're only going to check the trackable lines box for one line, as we only have one capital asset that's being generated from this invoice. So, if I scroll down… Jessica Ropicki: You will see there's two lines, but what we're saying, again, is that we are buying a microscope. Jessica Ropicki: And it just has a lens that's going to be attached to that microscope. So this is just one asset, and we want to ensure only one asset is being created. So we are going to uncheck one of the trackable boxes. Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to ensure that just one asset gets generated. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so I'm going to approve this. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Now. Jessica Ropicki: I already have a similar asset stage for us, so you don't have to watch me go through the asset registration step or the assigned accounting step, which we covered in the earlier demo. So if we go to… Jessica Ropicki: That asset, which is… Vinson 52. Jessica Ropicki: We can see that it only has a current capital cost of $10,000, and it only has one set of work tags over here. So notice the cost center here is only IFAS Horticultural Sciences. Whenever we were approving the invoice, this asset had Jessica Ropicki: two line items. Each line item had a different funding source and was funded by a different cost center. So we need to make sure that the asset shares are going to reflect that two different cost centers contributed to the purchase of this microscope. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so we do need to complete one of the business processes we had done above related to the adjust acquisition costs in order to get to this step. Jessica Ropicki: So, we have to associate the supplier invoice with this adjustment and provide a reason. Jessica Ropicki: So, if we go back into this asset, we go to the business asset, adjust acquisition cost. Jessica Ropicki: And if we grab… Supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: Now, there's two lines showing, because remember, we had the microscope line, and we had the lens line. Jessica Ropicki: You can click on these three dots here if you want to see a little bit more about the line item detail. Here's that $1,000 that we need to associate with this asset. So we're going to select the first one. If you went to the second one, you could see that the second line was the $10,000, which is already what this asset was capitalized based upon. Jessica Ropicki: So we're gonna select the first line, $1,000. Jessica Ropicki: And then we are going to do the invoice add value. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to submit. Jessica Ropicki: We can view details. Success. Let's go back into that asset. Remember, it had an original cost of $10,000. Jessica Ropicki: We just did the add value, and we adjusted the acquisition cost, so now we have the $11,000. The microscope line of the invoice was for $10,000, the lens line for the invoice was $1,000. So now we have associated both lines of that invoice Jessica Ropicki: to this asset. Jessica Ropicki: So we have the correct asset value, but wait, we still only have one set of work tags. When that Jessica Ropicki: when the two lines of the original invoice had different work tag values. So now, we will complete the business process that this demo is actually for, which is that asset share event. We had to do all these other steps, though, just to show you how to get to that. Jessica Ropicki: So, to adjust the work tags to correctly reflect how the asset was funded, we need to go to the related actions for this asset and select Maintain Asset Shares. Jessica Ropicki: To maintain asset shares. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so notice at the top of the screen, there is an amount split of zero, an amount to be split of $11,000. So I'm trying to say, of this $11,000, I'm going to say below. Jessica Ropicki: How should that be split between two sets of work tags? Or more, if you have, more, but in our case, we just have two. Jessica Ropicki: So, I'm gonna add two lines. Jessica Ropicki: And this is going to be a little time-consuming, but… Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna put the amount that's associated with the one line. Jessica Ropicki: We do have to fill in the asset class information for each line. Jessica Ropicki: So you can go back to how you originally registered the asset. Jessica Ropicki: And that should give you the information to populate the asset class and asset type. Jessica Ropicki: Then, again, you're going to have to have the invoice information in order to know what work tags to enter in here. Jessica Ropicki: This is where we are reflecting. Jessica Ropicki: the other cost center that contributed towards the purchase of this asset, so that was IFAS Plant Pathology. We will continue. Jessica Ropicki: With all of the work tags. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, and then now we'll go to the second line. Jessica Ropicki: So now we're getting to that $10,000 amount. Jessica Ropicki: That was on one line. Jessica Ropicki: And again… This would be some of this information you can get from the… original… Jessica Ropicki: Registration, or the invoice itself. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, and here's the second cost center that contributed to it, is the Horticultural sciences. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so it looks like we have all the information filled out. Jessica Ropicki: We have amount split is now $11,000, amount to be split is now zero, so we should be good. And we're gonna scroll, and we're gonna hit… Jessica Ropicki: Okay… We're gonna view the details, success, we're gonna go back into that asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we have the correct current capital cost of $11,000, and now you'll notice that one set of work tags, it says empty here, because we're down here at the asset shares, and there's two asset shares. If you click on the two. Jessica Ropicki: It's gonna pop up a box, we can make it a little bit bigger, and you'll see the two different funding sources for this asset. Jessica Ropicki: All right, that concludes this demo for the Asset Share event. Jessica Ropicki: We are gonna go to our next demo. Jessica Ropicki: Demo 10, which is the asset removal event. Jessica Ropicki: This task can be completed by the Business Asset Accountant in Workday. Jessica Ropicki: This task is related to when an asset was created incorrectly, and can only be used when certain tasks have not occurred, such as depreciation being posted. So, the related action of remove asset will not always be available, it will only be available in some cases. It would be something like early on, if you noticed Jessica Ropicki: Like, the same day you made a mistake. Jessica Ropicki: it would show up for you then. So, let's pull up the asset that we maybe created in error. Jessica Ropicki: And we need to remove it. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna go to the related actions again. Jessica Ropicki: Business Asset. Remove Asset. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, we're gonna select the transaction effective date. We're gonna pick today. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna create… Or select the asset removal reason, which is registered in error. Jessica Ropicki: And you can just put, you know, Jessica Ropicki: asset was not supposed to be capitalized, something of that nature. You can put whatever comment makes the most sense. Jessica Ropicki: And then we are gonna hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Then remove asset is complete. Click on the asset again. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice the status is removed, and the removal reason is registered in error. Jessica Ropicki: So this asset has now been removed, and that concludes Demo 10 of the asset removal event. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to go into demo 11 now, which is the asset disposal event. Jessica Ropicki: And this task can be initiated by the Business Asset Tracking Specialist or the Business Asset Accountant in Workday, but this task must be approved by a Business Asset Accountant who is someone other than the initiator. Jessica Ropicki: So, you can dispose of one asset, or multiple at a time. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to do an example first of disposing of multiple assets, and this is going to be used in situations primarily related, I believe, to buildings, is, like, the example that comes to mind. Jessica Ropicki: If a building is demolished, a building will have multiple assets associated with it, the components of the building. So, like, your plumbing, your electrical, those are each set up as different assets. But if the whole building was, Jessica Ropicki: disposed… or demolished. We have to get rid of multiple, assets at one time. So… Jessica Ropicki: If you want to do multiple at one time, we're going to go up here and type in Dispose Assets, and we're going to do the Dispose Assets task. Jessica Ropicki: And here, we're going to run this for HueFloor. Jessica Ropicki: And… let's see, we want to do transaction effective date of today? Jessica Ropicki: and disposal type, we have many disposal types, but like I said, the one that comes to mind to do multiple, disposals of multiple assets at once is going to be a demolition. Jessica Ropicki: And you can say something to the effect in your comment that this building was demolished for a new building. And now… Jessica Ropicki: all of our buildings. So, asset identifier is equivalent to tag number in PeopleSoft. Jessica Ropicki: The asset identifiers related with buildings all start with 4910BB, and then the building number behind it. Jessica Ropicki: Now, each asset, after that would have a 01, 02 at the end here, so I'm leaving those last two digits off because I want to pull every asset associated with this building. So if I click OK… Jessica Ropicki: There's actually 35 items associated with this building, and so we'll notice we have, like, a structure, if we scroll down, we have some interior construction, we have an HVAC. So all of these different components associated with that building, we are going to need to dispose. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, let's see… Jessica Ropicki: So, you'll notice, too, that because I applied all for this disposal type in effective date, everything's already populated for me in here. Jessica Ropicki: Now, if I select this checkbox, it's going to select all 35, and I can click OK. Jessica Ropicki: And it's got all 35 here, it's listing them as a demolition, and I can click Submit. Jessica Ropicki: That might take a minute, because there's 35. Jessica Ropicki: And we can hit done Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, let's see… The disposal was completed as Becky Sundean, so I'm going to quickly proxy in Jessica Ropicki: as Chalbert Colon, who is another business asset accountant, and you'll remember Jessica Ropicki: that I had stated that the business asset tracking specialist or business asset accountant can start this event, but it has to be approved. Jessica Ropicki: By a business asset accountant. Jessica Ropicki: So, we are now Chalbert Colon, if we go into his inbox. Jessica Ropicki: You'll see all of these disposals for all of the buildings here that need approved. I'm not going to go through all of them, but you'll see this is where now Chowbert, as the other business asset accountant in the group, has to approve the disposal that Becky, as the initial business asset accountant, submitted. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, let's see… Now… Alternatively, I'm gonna go back in as Becky. We're gonna just dispose of one asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now, back in here is Becky. Jessica Ropicki: And if we just want to dispose of one asset… Let's go in here… Jessica Ropicki: She has this one asset that needs to be disposed. She can go to the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: Business Asset. Dispose. Jessica Ropicki: Again, looks a little similar to the page we were on earlier, but again, we only have one asset here. We're going to select the transaction date. Today, disposal type. Jessica Ropicki: let's say it's lost. We lost this asset, and, you know, usually at the time of inventory, a lot of lost disposals will come through. So this asset is lost, and maybe we're gonna… Jessica Ropicki: write a comment that, like, it was a lab clean-out and the item was misplaced. So now, the item… the information I populated up here at the top has now moved to the bottom. Jessica Ropicki: I can click Submit. Jessica Ropicki: View details. Again, remember, it will have to go and get approved by another individual. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna start proxy as Chalbert. Another business asset accountant has to approve the transaction. We're gonna go to Chalbert's inbox. Jessica Ropicki: And we are going to go ahead and approve this step here. So, this is the one. He can scroll down, he can see the information that it's related to. You'll notice this is the same asset we've been doing some of the other demos with. It has a disposal type of loss, and you can see the comment, and he can approve. Jessica Ropicki: And now, it also will bring up this one last step for the business asset account on a disposal, which is the, asset disposal accounting information. Jessica Ropicki: has a lot of the same similar information as the other step he just approved, but it's just giving you the option if you need to update any information here. So again, he's okay with this, he agrees, and he can submit. Jessica Ropicki: And we'll click View Event, Success. Jessica Ropicki: Let's go look at that asset real quick. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice now it has a status of dispose. Disposal method is the discard. Even though we had clicked, the disposal type of lost, it is associated with the disposal method of discard. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so that will conclude demo 11 of the Asset Disposal event. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna go to Demo 12 now of the asset reinstatement event. Jessica Ropicki: This task can be completed by the Business Asset Accountant Workday, and for this task, we want to think of an asset that was disposed, such as the lost one we just did, and then they subsequently find the asset. So this does happen a lot with lost. You lose something, and you find it later. Jessica Ropicki: So, if we have the asset that we literally just disposed, we're gonna bring that back up. Jessica Ropicki: Oh, no. Oh, I'm Chalbert, I'm gonna go back in as Becky. Jessica Ropicki: Here's the asset. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, you'll notice it's disposed. If we go to the related actions, business asset, Reinstate. Jessica Ropicki: Now you can make a comment, item… Bound. Jessica Ropicki: And you can click OK. Jessica Ropicki: Success! Jessica Ropicki: Let's go back and look at this asset. Jessica Ropicki: Now it is back in a status of issued, so it has been reinstated. Jessica Ropicki: So that includes Demo 12. Jessica Ropicki: That is actually all I have today. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna stop my share. Jessica Ropicki: Brady, I wanted to mention… The other asset BPs. Jessica Ropicki: We are not using them at this moment, and those BPs are the Asset Adjustment Event. Jessica Ropicki: The asset intercompany Transfer In Event, the asset intercompany Transfer Out event, and the asset impairment event. Jessica Ropicki: Now… those could be used at a later point in time, but they are currently not being used. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Sounds good. If… if they are… Brady Allred: I don't know who makes the decisions, but if they do decide that it's something they want to do, we can come back to those at some point. Brady Allred: Thank you, Jessica. That… you just walked through things just so perfectly. Jessica Ropicki: It all worked, it all worked, I was so excited. Brady Allred: Yeah, it… I've… I've said this to everyone, but the workday itself and getting the data staged correctly has been the problem for… the biggest problem for most people. Yesterday. Jessica Ropicki: For Brandon, he had… Brady Allred: It just wasn't… wasn't working for financial. Jessica Ropicki: Well, and then people change things behind the scenes that you don't even know they change. Brady Allred: changed. Jessica Ropicki: Because, like, yeah, one area will be like, oh, I need to make this change, and they don't realize, oh, it affects other stuff. So, yeah, but luckily, yeah, everything worked good today. Jessica Ropicki: The only thing I'm gonna mention, and I'm just looking at my calendar real quick, so I'm out next week. Jessica Ropicki: When I get back on the 23rd, we have time on Monday, but I won't have anything ready, because I've all been on vacation. Right, right. I would like… Brady Allred: shouldn't. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, as I like to use the time Monday to get stuff ready. Jessica Ropicki: So, did we decide, yes, we're gonna record projects? Brady Allred: Yeah. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Brady Allred: I think… I think yes. Jessica Ropicki: I know, it was a little iffy in a way. Brady Allred: Yes, it was decided to do it, if possible, and so since we have time, If you're willing, yeah. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, and you know, I will plan to get something ready Monday the 23rd to record on Tuesday the 24th. Brady Allred: Perfect. Jessica Ropicki: And if for some reason I get back from vacation, and I'm swamped, I might have to, like, push that, but we can see, you know? Brady Allred: It's just me. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, but let's plan for that, and then I'll communicate with you on Monday the 23rd, one way or the other, for sure. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Thank you so much, Jessica, you make everything super easy. Jessica Ropicki: No problem, and, yeah, I guess we'll, meet Tuesday and go from there. Brady Allred: Perfect. See you then. Jessica Ropicki: Thank you. Bye.