Brady Allred: started, so that Jessica has plenty of time for our demos today. Brady Allred: This meeting is being recorded, just so everyone knows. Brady Allred: And before we begin, please note this presentation may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please do not rely on these statements. Workday assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Brady Allred: Any unreleased services or features mentioned are subject to change or may not be delivered, so purchase decisions should be based on services and features currently available. Brady Allred: Today, we are here for the Capital Projects and Business Assets Customer Confirmation Session 2. Thank you all for joining us. Brady Allred: I'm going to share in the chat a PDF of the slides for your reference. Please don't distribute that outside of this meeting. Brady Allred: I'll be kicking us off today. Brady Allred: Here's a brief agenda. I'll first give a brief introduction to our Capital Projects and Business Assets team, along with the session overview and objectives. At that point, I'll turn it over to Jessica, who will cover the functional area overview and kick us off with our demos. Brady Allred: There will be a break in between the capital projects portion and the business assets portion. Brady Allred: So first off, we'd like to thank and introduce Laura Ling, our UF Finance Workstream Lead, as well as Ana Meyer-Ruez, our UF Senior Team Lead, Jessica Ropici, UF Functional Lead, Capital Projects and Business Assets, and Donna Blanken. So sorry if I've mispronounced your names. Brady Allred: Our UF IT Business Analyst. Brady Allred: They've done a lot to make this presentation happen, so we're very glad they're working so hard. Brady Allred: Also, just to set some expectations, remember that today is a time to confirm the configuration that has been added to the tenant since the design sessions, and it is a demonstration of functionality in the future state. It's not a time to redesign, it's not a time to validate UF data, and it's not in user training. Brady Allred: Those will all come later. Brady Allred: We also ask that you remember the seven pillars, and it should be at the forefront of today's session as you digest the configuration and consider what it means for the one you have vision. Brady Allred: Your role today is to collaborate with the financial… er, with the Capital Projects and Business Assets team in representing 1UF to resolve concerns, be adaptable to achieve the 1UF vision, actively listen to the demonstration, and please hold your questions until the Q&A of each demonstration. Brady Allred: Feel free, though, to post those questions in the chat, and I'll make sure that they are answered during the Q&A. Brady Allred: All right, and with that, I'll turn the time over to Jessica. Jessica Ropicki: Thanks, Brady. So, first we're going to talk about capital projects. So, when we say capital projects, we're talking about the tracking and accumulation of costs that meet the capitalization criteria. Jessica Ropicki: While the project is in progress, project assets can be created which are going to temporarily hold and track those costs in progress until such time as the project is complete or substantially complete. Jessica Ropicki: Now, for a project asset, nothing is capitalized yet, and nothing is depreciated. Jessica Ropicki: Once the project is complete, or substantially complete, those project assets can be converted into business assets, which will then capitalize the asset and depreciation will start. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: So, here is some key terminology that we're going to talk about today. So, as I alluded to on the previous slide, we talked about project assets. Project assets are going to be a temporary container, kind of holding those costs during the process of that the project is still in progress. These project assets, once capitalized, are going to become business assets. Jessica Ropicki: We don't really have an equivalent in legacy terms today. Jessica Ropicki: Now, the business asset is anything that a company wants to track, from physical items, like a building, to intangible ones, like a software license. And today, we just kind of refer to those as assets. Jessica Ropicki: We're also going to talk today about the work-in-progress exclusion rule. This is going to automatically classify certain capital project transactions as expenses. So think of, like, asbestos and abatement. Jessica Ropicki: And then we also have the project asset assignment rule, which this is going to enable Workday to auto-assign capital project transactions to project assets. This auto-assignment is going to minimize the manual effort of reviewing your capital project transactions. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so let's talk a little bit current state to future state. Jessica Ropicki: So, in current state, all construction projects are associated with a specific construction fund. So, think current state, we have 547, which is housing construction, and 565, which is a line of credit financing. Jessica Ropicki: However, in future state, construction projects will maintain the fund of the original funding source, if available. So, if we, for example, have 211 funds that are going to be used on a construction project, they're going to maintain that same fund, 211. Jessica Ropicki: However, if there's funds that come directly in for the construction project, then there will be a specific construction fund that will be used. And we have one set up, for example, of 607 for the line of credit financing. Jessica Ropicki: In current state, we use a journal source of O&L for construction project funding, transfers, and returns. Jessica Ropicki: And we have established in Workday a journal source of construction project funding reclassification, which will be used for the construction project funding transfers and returns. Jessica Ropicki: In current state, when approving vouchers, components are identified by the source type and category fields, whereas when approving invoices, components are identified by the spin categories in Workday. Jessica Ropicki: In current state, there's one account code that's used related to capital construction projects, primarily, and that's the 787 construction work in progress. Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, we have about 32 capital construction project spin categories, including the construction work in progress, but also for all of the individual components that are going to become project assets. Jessica Ropicki: Current state approvals are done at the requisition and PO levels, and in Workday, approvals are only done at the requisition level. The PO will automatically generate once the requisition is approved. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so for our first demo related to capital projects, we're gonna do a cash journal. Jessica Ropicki: The business process we're going to be talking about is the Accounting Journal Event BP, and it's going to support the setup of the project budget that's associated with cash-based funds. And this business process is performed by the Central Office Construction Accounting. Jessica Ropicki: The scenario we have here is that the Construction Accounting Group has received their funding information and approval from Project Tracker, or the Autodesk Construction Cloud, also known as ACC, and one of the funds is going to be cash-based. Jessica Ropicki: So, we're going to need to make a cash journal to move the funds to the construction project, and we need to get that entered in. We are going to be logged in as Debra Strickland, and she's going to have the role of construction project accountant. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, I will share. Jessica Ropicki: And you all see the Workday screen. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Let me just move pictures… okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, this is the Workday home screen, and on the home screen, this little profile in the top right will show that I am logged in as Debra Strickland. Jessica Ropicki: In the search bar here, you guys will end up using this a lot to either find certain projects, or to find certain tasks that you need. You don't have to type out the full word of something you're trying to do, you can only type out the first three letters, and it will start already searching. So if I just type out CRE and JU… Jessica Ropicki: OU, it's already going to give me a suggested search result of Create Journal. So I'm going to do the Create Journal task. Jessica Ropicki: The ledger I'm going to use is uFloor. Jessica Ropicki: And I'm going to do Uploor Actuals. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna go ahead and use an accounting date of today. Jessica Ropicki: And kind of on an earlier slide, I had mentioned about, having our own journal source for the funding of a construction project. So if you look down here, there is the construction project funding reclassification. Jessica Ropicki: All right, we can also use this memo field over here if you want to type in a little bit of more information. We're saying that this is coming from an IFAS project, or it's for an IFAS project, and we're going to use some 211 funds. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, and one item I'm going to note here is that this journal ID that we're about to do, it's going to be system generated, and users can leverage this memo field if they want to add additional journal details in order to help label the journal. Jessica Ropicki: So now we can click continue. Jessica Ropicki: Now, you'll see the two lines for the journal have pre-populated below. Jessica Ropicki: So, the ledger account that we are going to use for this transfer is called the Transfers Within Company. Jessica Ropicki: And that will be used for both lines. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to, for today's example, we're going to be moving $250,000 from the 211 fund to the construction project. Jessica Ropicki: Okay… And if I scroll to the right… Jessica Ropicki: We're going to enter in our 211 project that the funds are coming from. Jessica Ropicki: And take note that I've populated the project work tag and other work tags already generated. That's because a project work tag is going to be considered a driver work tag. Now, just because these other items, fields, work tags generated, doesn't mean you have to keep them. You can X them out, but they are letting you know what is the associated cost center and program. Jessica Ropicki: And I'm gonna put in my 211 fund. Jessica Ropicki: Now, any journal that's going to be hitting a P&L ledger account must also have a revenue or a spin category populated. Jessica Ropicki: So, for today's purposes, the spin category for the first line is going to be the transfer out construction. Jessica Ropicki: And now we're gonna go all the way back over to the left, and I'm gonna do the second line of my journal. Jessica Ropicki: So the second line… Again, I'm going to populate the project work tag. Jessica Ropicki: And again, it was a driver work tag, so the cost center and program have already pre-populated for me. Jessica Ropicki: And I want to make sure Jessica Ropicki: like I kind of mentioned, if we already have a fund established, we want to maintain that same fund. So I'm still going to use the 211 when moving the funds out of this one project and into the construction project. Jessica Ropicki: Again, I need to… Type in the revenue category. Jessica Ropicki: Because it is a P&L ledger account, and that's going to be the transfer in construction. Jessica Ropicki: Now, one item I want to know is if it was a grant or it was a gift that we were getting these funds from, you would leave those fields populated on both lines. You can maintain them, the original source information. Jessica Ropicki: and tie it to that construction project. Because it's a 211 project, and they're both using the same field, we're a little bit limited in that. So one thing you could do… Jessica Ropicki: is you could utilize this memo field here, and I could put in here the 211 project number, so that in future reporting, I do have that detail of what project it came from as well, if I didn't want to have to drill all the way down to the journal itself. Jessica Ropicki: Now, as we kind of mentioned, we already had gotten the approval from Project Tracker or ACC related to this journal, so we could come here, and we could actually attach some of that information from there to help support our journal. Jessica Ropicki: Let me just attach a… Alright, let's see… Jessica Ropicki: I think we've got everything populated, and now we can submit the journal. Jessica Ropicki: Because the journal source is the construction project funding reclassification, the only approval that's going to be needed on this journal is by another construction accounting member who has the role of construction project account. Jessica Ropicki: And it has to be someone different than the person who actually entered in the journal. Jessica Ropicki: So we're gonna hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, and now we're still Debra. We're going to Deborah's inbox. Jessica Ropicki: And you can go to Archives, and it's going to show you all the tasks that you've just completed. So, this is showing that she just submitted this journal for the $250,000. It's in progress, so if we click on this Process tab, we can scroll down. Jessica Ropicki: And I have two other construction accounting member… team members. I have given the role of construction project accountant. That is Ariel and Julie. So one of them can go in and approve this. So I'm going to go in. Jessica Ropicki: as Ariel, and I'm just proxying in as her, so I can show you this whole process. Jessica Ropicki: And now if Ariel goes to her My Task inbox. Jessica Ropicki: She will see the journal is sitting in here, waiting for her approval. She can scroll down. Jessica Ropicki: She can see the lines that have been entered in. Jessica Ropicki: She can make sure everything's right. She has the attachment that maybe came from Project Tracker or ACC. She can verify that the attachment ties out to the lines. Jessica Ropicki: And then she can approve it. Jessica Ropicki: And then, I'll just tick a minute… Jessica Ropicki: And now, again, if we go to the archive of Ariel's box, we can see she successfully approved that journal. Jessica Ropicki: If we click on the journal line… Jessica Ropicki: It's gonna take us, back to the journal itself. Remember in Workday, the blue hyperlinks, you can always drill down into further detail. You can see the journal now has a status of posted. Jessica Ropicki: And if you scroll down, you can see the two journal lines I entered in, and then the retained earning lines that were generated as a result of that journal. Jessica Ropicki: So, let's see… that will… conclude. Jessica Ropicki: Demo number one. Jessica Ropicki: Any questions on entering a journal? Jessica Ropicki: Alrighty, guys. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, Brady, if you want to bring up the next demo, too… Brady Allred: Unless, does anyone have any questions? Brady Allred: Standard. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, Demo 2. So here, We have, the requisition and invoice approval workflow. Jessica Ropicki: So, we're going to be doing the requisition event and customer invoice event BP. Now, these business processes allow the project manager, cost manager, and construction project accountant to each have an approval, either in the Autodesk Construction Cloud, ACC, or Workday. Jessica Ropicki: These BPs are going to be performed by the centralized groups involved in construction. Jessica Ropicki: So, we have our scenario, which is both a requisition and an invoice, were initiated in ACC and approved in ACC by the project manager and the cost manager, and both have now integrated into Workday, where the construction project accountant will review and approve. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to be logged in as Julie now, and she also has the security role of Construction Project Account. Jessica Ropicki: Alrighty. Jessica Ropicki: And everybody can see my Workday screen. Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to now proxy in as Julie. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we are Julie. Again, we're, going to be approving a requisition. This is under the assumption that it was initiated in ACC, and the requisition was approved by the project manager and cost manager in ACC. Jessica Ropicki: It has then come in to Julie's inbox. All everyone's inbox, obviously, will have a search here at the top. I can enter in the requisition number. Jessica Ropicki: And Julie can review the requisition, she can scroll down, she can see some of the details, there's a new building here, roof, plumbing, electrical, some HVAC. She can scroll to the right, she sees it's for $85,000. Jessica Ropicki: And she can kind of get, some additional information on what project and what work tags are associated with this requisition. Jessica Ropicki: Once Julie has finished looking this over, she can go ahead and hit approve, and then that will, go ahead and initiate the creation of the PO, and the PO will be automatically approved. Jessica Ropicki: Now, if there was a requisition that did not come from ACC, it would flow within Workday to the project manager for approval, to the cost center manager for approval, and then to the construction project accountant. Jessica Ropicki: For approval and review. Jessica Ropicki: And at any point in those approvals, you always have the send back button here, too. You can send it back to someone else who was in the approval workflow. Jessica Ropicki: Or you can approve. Jessica Ropicki: And so, that is a requisition. That's pretty basic here. The invoice, we're going to get a little bit more detailed into. Jessica Ropicki: So now I will show you the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So now, an invoice has been initiated in ACC and approved by the project manager and cost manager in ACC. And once those approvals are complete, then the invoice loaded into Workday through an integration. And now the construction project accountant is going to review and approve the invoice in Workday. Jessica Ropicki: And note, we do have the review step here, and that is going to allow the reviewer to make changes. The review step is not the Jessica Ropicki: Given out lightly, but we obviously need to be able to componentize the invoice, so that is why the review step is enabled on this, invoice approval. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we will scroll down. Again, she can look at the line item description. She has a new building, roof plumbing, electrical, HVAC. Jessica Ropicki: She can see the spin category use was construction work in progress. Jessica Ropicki: And if she keeps going over, she can see it has a $85,000 amount on it. Jessica Ropicki: And it's for Project 283 for a new building. And then she can review the work tags associated with it, she can see the attachments associated with it, and then she has the choice to approve, send back, or she could even add another approver. If for some reason something looked extra odd on this one and she wanted a second set of eyes, you can always add another approver as well. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes, we're just going to approve. Jessica Ropicki: Well, I just noticed, I guess it said. Jessica Ropicki: Voice stage 10. Jessica Ropicki: Let's try that one more time… Jessica Ropicki: Sorry about that. Jessica Ropicki: That voice receipt date is required. Jessica Ropicki: So, oops, sorry. One box not filled. Jessica Ropicki: No, bro. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, again, if it was a non-ACC invoice, it would flow within Workday to the project manager, cost center manager, and the construction project account. Jessica Ropicki: And the invoice, that was just the approval of the invoice, so now here is the review step of the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: And we will see… I think it wants that date again. Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to scroll down, where she can actually see the fields are editable now with her review capabilities. Jessica Ropicki: So what we're gonna do here is she's going to use these two little arrows here to toggle to a full-screen view. Jessica Ropicki: And this is where Julie could do her componentization of this invoice. So I'm going to add in a few rows, because this invoice is related to a roof, plumbing, electrical, and HVAC. I'm going to break this one line item out into those four components. Jessica Ropicki: Let me just add 4 lines, and you can… Jessica Ropicki: Bear with me while I go through this. Jessica Ropicki: And you'll notice, actually, let me put that there… Jessica Ropicki: The spin category is going to have, the same name as my item description as well. And again, we have about 30, 31, 32 spin categories that are related to construction components, and they're just basically labeling out what each item is. Jessica Ropicki: Let me just do this. Jessica Ropicki: Scroll down a little, and then this last one, I'm going to be changing the original wording now to plumbing, and I'm going to remove the construction work in progress, and I'm going to give it its component spin category. Jessica Ropicki: Now if we go over to the right… Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to change this 85,000, I'm going to break it out. Jessica Ropicki: 20,000 here… 3,000 here… Jessica Ropicki: Here. Jessica Ropicki: And then 10,000. Jessica Ropicki: For the HVAC. Jessica Ropicki: And we'll go farther to the right, where we're going to enter in all of the associated work tags. Jessica Ropicki: So, it has a… Jessica Ropicki: New building, again, project being a driver book tag, some of the other fields are already populating for me, which is great. Jessica Ropicki: And then… Oops. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna keep on going… And then we need to make sure we have our budget year in here. Jessica Ropicki: Because we are using a fund of 600. Jessica Ropicki: And I'll add that breech line real quick. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now we've taken that one line from the invoice and broken it out into its components. We can hit these two arrows to toggle back down. Jessica Ropicki: And now we can approve. Jessica Ropicki: Oh, I didn't enter my quantity. Jessica Ropicki: Sorry, guys, we got one… one… 1… Jessica Ropicki: One, okay, everything looks good now. Jessica Ropicki: going to approve. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so that is the approval. Jessica Ropicki: of a… Invoice. Jessica Ropicki: in Workday, and the requisition approval. Jessica Ropicki: That concludes Demo 2. Any questions on requisition or invoice approval? Brady Allred: We did get one from Michelle. Brady Allred: How does liquidating the PO slash REC work? Brady Allred: Since we are changing the spend categories, doesn't matter. Jessica Ropicki: Hmm. I would not… I'm not 100% sure on that. I don't think that it would matter, but I will… Jessica Ropicki: Investigate that and get back to you. Jessica Ropicki: Unless anyone on the call knows. Malley, Andrew: You gave the right answer, Jessica. There are a couple of considerations here related to both liquidations as well as the matching rules, as you can probably imagine when it comes to changing an invoice. We are trying to structure this so that we can leverage the Workday functionality that's automated, that requires us to itemize the invoice at this point, while also living within those confines. So we think we've come up with a Malley, Andrew: Creative solution that's going to work, but, good, good call-out. Brady Allred: All right, we have another question from Hector. Brady Allred: Who can submit amendments to increase the overall project? Brady Allred: Costs slash budgets, and will the cost center manage and finance accountable officer have an opportunity to project? Jessica Ropicki: So, in terms of, like, adjusting the budget itself, that will still be, submitted and done within Project Tracker ACC. Jessica Ropicki: We… things will move over into Workday once the budgets are final, or any amendments come in through Project Tracker or ACC. That's when we'll take it and enter in that information. Jessica Ropicki: into, Workday. So all the approvals. Jessica Ropicki: for a budget, or amendments or increases to a budget will occur within Project Tracker or ACC. Hector Oscar Silva - COE: So, sorry, Jessica, I'm not skilled in this area, so… wherever it is. Jessica Ropicki: The project was decided it's gonna cost a million dollars, and project manager says, oops. Hector Oscar Silva - COE: It's now 1.2. Hector Oscar Silva - COE: Where is it that someone like me can come in and say, no, you're beholden to the $1 million? Hector Oscar Silva - COE: So, figure it out. Jessica Ropicki: That, yeah, I under… I get what you're saying, so that would still kind of live within Jessica Ropicki: Project Tracker or ACC, so however, today, someone comes back and says, hey, this is going to be increased more, it's going to cost, you know, double or something of what you originally had entered in as the budget, then the department does have a level of approval within Project Tracker or ACC. Hector Oscar Silva - COE: Excellent, thank you. Jessica Ropicki: No problem. Brady Allred: Alright, any other questions before Demo 3? Brady Allred: If not, we'll go ahead and move. Jessica Ropicki: This is the demo I'm most excited to show you guys, because I think it's going to save a lot of time in the core office, in terms of actually, like, closeouts and getting the, project assets converted over to business assets. So we're here, again, we're going to have a project asset to business asset process. Jessica Ropicki: This process is going to show how expended amounts are collected in containers called project assets until such time as the project is complete. Jessica Ropicki: And ready to close. At that time, the project assets are converted to business assets, and this process is performed by the Central Office Construction Accounting. Jessica Ropicki: I'll be… Jessica Ropicki: logged in as Debra Strickland, and our scenario is that she's reviewing a capital construction project that's ready to close out, and will need to review the transactions, and after she has confirmed that all the project assets are correctly recorded, she will capitalize them to business assets. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Jessica Ropicki: So, let me quickly… Axie and Debra. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we are proxied in as Debra. You can use the search bar to just center in the project number. Jessica Ropicki: And now, we are in the project. This is kind of just your little summary view of a project, but we're going to focus on this Financials tab. And if we go to Financials. Jessica Ropicki: Capitalization. Jessica Ropicki: Here we can see we have 4 project assets created. So, similar to the invoice review step, where you're breaking out that one line into its plumbing, roof, electrical, and HVAC categories, those are the project assets that I have established right now. Jessica Ropicki: Now, if I, for some reason, needed to add a new one, I could always hit this Edit Project Asset, and I'm going to click on that, because I want to show you Jessica Ropicki: How I have the project assets set up right now. I have each project asset associated with its corresponding spend category, and then I created a project asset assignment. And this is the part that I think is the most exciting about Workday. Jessica Ropicki: I'm saying that if a charge hits this spin category, I want it to automatically assign it to this project asset, if this, capital project work tag's being used. Jessica Ropicki: Again, you could delete anything you want here, or you can add more, as you would like as well. Jessica Ropicki: Hit cancel? Jessica Ropicki: So, just notice here, too, I have the four project assets. There is, no cost associated with them right now. If I go to this review transactions, I can do an express review. Jessica Ropicki: I can see I have several transactions related to supplier invoice in here. Jessica Ropicki: I can expense these right now if I want, or I can assign them to a project asset right here at this point in time. Jessica Ropicki: However, the big feature that I am excited about is that project asset assignment rule. And so, I'm not going to manually assign anything right now, I'm going to let that rule run for me here momentarily. Jessica Ropicki: But if for some reason you wanted to manually do it, you could do it right here as well. Jessica Ropicki: So let me hit cancel. Jessica Ropicki: Okay… Jessica Ropicki: Now you can do that express review, or you could just look at, expense reports, you could just look at supplier invoice lines, or just look at manual journals. But the express review is going to give you, like, the whole big picture. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now… Jessica Ropicki: We, are going to do that project asset assignment rule that I showed you earlier. We're going to run the task. It's called Schedule Project Asset Auto Assignment. Jessica Ropicki: So… We can set this task here. Jessica Ropicki: That we're about to do. We can set it to run nightly, we can set it to run weekly, or we can run it on demand. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna run it on demand right now. Jessica Ropicki: And I'm gonna hit run now. Jessica Ropicki: And I will do test. Jessica Ropicki: And I will hit OK. Jessica Ropicki: And then I will hit. Jessica Ropicki: And now I'm going to go back into that project that we were just in. Jessica Ropicki: And back to the Finance tab in Capitalization. Jessica Ropicki: And if I scroll down, previously, remember, there was nothing in this uncapitalized cost column? Because I ran that auto-assignment rule, and let's say we decide we want to run that nightly, every night, it's going to look at the invoices that hit the spin categories we have set up. Jessica Ropicki: and auto-assign them to the relevant project asset. And they're just gonna sit here and accumulate until such time as you're like, okay, this project's done, it's ready to close out. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now, say you're doing your closeout review, and maybe when you were componentatizing that invoice, you accidentally assigned something, to the… an incorrect project asset. And you're like, oh, I need to fix this, you can go into the… Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… supplier invoices… Jessica Ropicki: I can see, check this box here, only transactions already assigned. I could click that. Jessica Ropicki: And I could hit search. Jessica Ropicki: It's showing me the auto… Jessica Ropicki: assignment rule that went into effect. It took the, spin category used that was, broken out on that invoice componentization, and it auto-assigned them to these different project assets. You can always check a box if, for some reason, and you want to assign it to a different project asset, you have that ability right here to do. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes, we're going to say it was componentized correctly, but I just wanted to show you that you can easily move those costs between different project assets if, while you're closing it out, you notice something needed to be changed. Jessica Ropicki: Discard. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so we are back here again. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, let's see… we are going to now use this Capitalize Project Assets button. So assume you're ready for closeout, everything looks good, and you want to select this Capitalize Project Assets. Jessica Ropicki: You can select just one to-do, or you can select all, and you can capitalize them all at the same time. Jessica Ropicki: Let me just use today's date. Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna hit OK. Jessica Ropicki: And done. Jessica Ropicki: Now, this table below, notice my uncapitalized cost column? Nothing's there now, because I capitalized all of it. It all moved over to the capitalized cost column. Jessica Ropicki: Notice, too, my Business Asset column has a blue hyperlink in it. If you click on that number. Jessica Ropicki: it will bring up the asset, the business asset that it just created, building plumbing. Notice the status says Pending Registration. Jessica Ropicki: Because at this juncture, you've capitalized it, it's not registered yet, and it's moved over to asset management, where asset management now is going to complete that asset registration and assign accounting to it. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… and lastly, we can go to this transaction's detail. Jessica Ropicki: This is going to show you all transactions that have hit that project. Jessica Ropicki: And if we scroll down… Bottom… She's a roommate. Jessica Ropicki: Oh, it's actually at the top. Okay, so we also, in… with capital projects, there's something called a work-in-progress exclusion rule. Jessica Ropicki: That is where you can say certain spend categories are always going to need to be expensed when used with a capital construction project. So, our example we have for today is the asbestos and abatement. Jessica Ropicki: If that spend category is used in conjunction with a capital project, it's going to automatically get expensed under this work-in-progress exclusion rule. Jessica Ropicki: But again, so that's just one, another handy feature that Workday has. We can set up any spend categories we want to apply to this, so like repairs and maintenance, or anything of that nature. And then you can also, with the transactions detail, you can see all of the other transactions that have hit this particular project. Jessica Ropicki: Let's see… So finally, I want to show you another project. Jessica Ropicki: And this one, we just kind of set up as a test situation. Jessica Ropicki: Because I wanted to show you that we can decide To preload all 31 Jessica Ropicki: capital project spin categories into a project. So every project that's created that's a capital project could have these project assets preloaded into it. Jessica Ropicki: Pre-assigned to the spend category and pre-assigned with the asset assignment rule. So then, no one's having to go in and create project assets, they're all there. Then, while this project is getting, you know, all these expenses hitting it over its life, these are automatically auto-assigning nightly to that project asset. Jessica Ropicki: Then whenever it becomes such time, is it, like, the project closeout? And maybe you only use 3 of these, you know, 31 spend categories, before you close it out, and before you capitalize, you could edit your project assets. Jessica Ropicki: And you could just remove them here. Jessica Ropicki: And that way it would be, only leaving the lines that actually had amounts hitting them, and that would be a lot cleaner for reporting as well. But that's just a lot less manual effort that could be involved if we preload all of these in here. Jessica Ropicki: So that concludes that demo. Any questions about project assets to business assets? That's a feature I'm very excited about, so I hope you guys are too. Meena Thiyagarajah: Hey, Jessica. Meena Thiyagarajah: Thank you for that. It's been very helpful. So I have a spin-off question from that, because I love seeing, you know, how things are demarcated for the project, because I set aside a budget here in IFAS based on the envelope of the building, the roof, the HVAC, and all those things. Meena Thiyagarajah: What you showed just now, will that be actually available in a reporting system, which I can access? Because that would be a great way for me to allocate deferred maintenance budget. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, if I'm understanding you correctly, yes, it definitely will. And then I know, these spin categories that I'm creating, I'm working with Jody and Deborah as well to make sure we have, we match with ACC and everything that they're doing with ACC as well. Meena Thiyagarajah: Okay. Meena Thiyagarajah: Thank you. Jessica Ropicki: No problem. Meena Thiyagarajah: Actually, I've got another follow-up question, sorry for that. So, with, projects that are Meena Thiyagarajah: what I call ad build, because of the nature of how some funding comes from the state PICO funds. Meena Thiyagarajah: For example, you know, this year you may get part of the funds, and the following year you may get additional portion of funds. Meena Thiyagarajah: And we're adding to an existing portion of the budget. I assume that the approvals and all of the things, because most of ours sometimes to go through the Board of Trustees for approvals, those will be appended in Tracker, and then you will update the budget availability here. Jessica Ropicki: Transfer of budget is still going to be done through tracker requests, or is it going to pivot over into this system? Meena Thiyagarajah: Could you remind me about… Jessica Ropicki: I believe that it's still going to be done through, Tracker, but I will double check with Jody as well to make sure we're on the same page on that one. Frank Phillips: So we're working on a workflow with ACC to accommodate that. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, thank you. Meena Thiyagarajah: Thank you. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Gosh, this went much faster than I thought. That's, I believe, all the demos I have for, capital projects. Brady, keep me honest, is that… that was the last one. Brady Allred: That's it. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, we are going to take a break, because, we're going to go into business assets now, and I know some of you are strictly construction. So we'll take… do we want to do 10 minutes or 5 minutes, Brady? What do you think? Brady Allred: It's up to you. Jessica Ropicki: I guess… I guess let's just do a quick 10-minute break. We'll come back at 2.50, where I will be going over, several asset situations, including some kind of complicated ones. So yeah, we'll all come back at 2.50. Thank you so much. Troy Haynes | UFIT: Brady, do you have the pause button? Brady Allred: Yes. Brady Allred: Okay, you want to barge that? Jessica Ropicki: It's going to be trackable, which is going to include all of our capital assets, of course, but also can include our attractive assets. Jessica Ropicki: Now, business assets will include all tangible items, such as furniture and equipment, and intangible items, such as software. And finally, all assets should last more than one year, and if the asset will not last one year, then it is considered a consumable or supplies. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: So here's some of the key terminology we're going to be talking about in relation to business assets. We are going to review trackable lines. This is going to be a step in Workday, in the Workday business process, that is for the business asset tracking specialist, so they can review and confirm Jessica Ropicki: that the correct number of assets are being generated for tracking purposes. This is a kind of a key thing, that will, Jessica Ropicki: Help us enable that we're creating the right number of assets, and we don't really have a legacy term for that. Jessica Ropicki: We're also going to be doing some cost adjustments today, and that is a business process used to modify the initial cost or post-acquisition cost associated with an asset. Jessica Ropicki: In legacy terms, we kind of have a transaction type of adjust that's pretty much the same thing. Jessica Ropicki: We also are going to have cost adjustment reasons, and this is an available field on the asset acquisition Cost and Asset Adjust acquisition cost business processes, and it is a reportable value to qualify why the cost has changed after it's been registered. Jessica Ropicki: And the legacy term would be kind of the acquisition detail description field. Sometimes we would type in trade-in, or we would kind of type in the reason that we are adjusting the cost. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to be doing a work-in-progress fabricated asset example. Jessica Ropicki: And that's just an asset that's being fabricated, of which the total cost is coming from multiple supplier invoices over time, and that's equivalent to our work-in-progress assets today. Jessica Ropicki: We will be discussing asset shares sum, and that is just indicating how the cost of the asset is split and allocated across different FDM dimensions. So think of, you had an asset that was split funded by three different departments. That would be the asset shares we're going to show, and that's equivalent to, in current state, acquisition detail. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to be doing an asset transfer, and that is the process used within Workday to update an asset status by changing its assigned worker, location, or work tags. So, asset transfer in Workday means these three different things, worker, location, work tag. Jessica Ropicki: In current state, we have different terms for each of those three different things. So we have a user change, location change, or an asset transfer. Jessica Ropicki: Finally, we're going to be doing an asset disposal, and this is the process of formally removing an asset from an organization's records as active, and that's equivalent to disposal current state. Jessica Ropicki: Next slide. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, for current state. Jessica Ropicki: We have asset expense account reconciliation, which is done through an Excel spreadsheet and can be very involved. And what I'm talking about here is all the charges that are hitting our current state 7-8 accounts. We make sure that zeroes out and everything's been capitalized to a 1-8. Jessica Ropicki: In future state, Workday is going to have a asset spin category reconciliation that's done through a delivered Workday report with some drill-down capabilities. Jessica Ropicki: Assets must be moved off of expired projects or other current chart fields for month-end depreciation to run in current state. Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, assets on expired grants or projects or other work tags will not cause the depreciation journal to air, and thus they can remain on these work tags as appropriate. Jessica Ropicki: Finally, in current state, an asset transfer, like we just mentioned, refers to moving the asset onto a new chart-filled value, whereas in Workday, it can refer to transferring the worker, work tags, or a new location. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, our demo here is that we are going to have a, the core office tasks that… of the asset transfer and disposal, and also editing an asset. Now, these business processes are going to support the management of the asset throughout their life cycle, and they're going to be performed by the central office asset management. Jessica Ropicki: Our scenario here is that we have Becky Sundin needs to edit an asset's details, and then she's going to transfer that asset, and finally she's going to dispose of an asset. Jessica Ropicki: And we'll, be logged in as Becky Sundeen, and she has the role of the Business Asset Tracking Specialist and the Business Asset Account. Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna log in as Becky. Jessica Ropicki: Goodness. Jessica Ropicki: I get one on Rebecca, not Becky. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, before I dive into doing the task of edit an asset, transfer an asset, or dispose of an asset, I want to make sure to state that, similar to current state, it was decided that my assets will be used Jessica Ropicki: by the cost centers slash departments, their personnel who will complete all of their asset-related transactions and requests in My Assets. Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to be demoing if a core office staff member needs to perform some of these tasks within Workday directly. Jessica Ropicki: And these tasks can be completed Jessica Ropicki: By, the core office, because the core office sometimes has certain tasks that Jessica Ropicki: only they can do, like, they can only record the demolition of a building, that's not something a department can do, so they would do something like that directly within Workday. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, the asset number, Becky can pull up directly by just using the search bar. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so once Becky has the asset up. Jessica Ropicki: There's gonna be this box here called Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: And in this box, Becky can click the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: Go to Business Asset, and Edit. Jessica Ropicki: Now… Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, when we refer to the business process, we're talking about the automated workflow around a task or events, or a set of events to occur, that can include routing and approvals to be built around it. Jessica Ropicki: The edit function for an asset is not associated with the business process, and thus there can be no approvals associated with this as well. Jessica Ropicki: Keep in mind, though, that the cost center personnel, again, you know, they're going to be doing their edits through my assets, submitting them in My Assets, they'll get approved by the core office in My Assets, and the cost center personnel Jessica Ropicki: will not have the necessary permissions within Workday to do what I'm doing right now. Only the core office will. Jessica Ropicki: So, once I go to edit the asset. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice a number of fields have become available that I can, now change, including the asset description, the memo, the asset name, identifier, serial number, items such as that. Jessica Ropicki: For today's purposes. Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to give us a more thorough description. Instead of a microscope, I want to know what kind of microscope. Jessica Ropicki: After Becky makes that change, you can hit OK. Jessica Ropicki: And done. Jessica Ropicki: And now you'll notice the description has been updated, and there was no approvals on this, like I mentioned previously. Jessica Ropicki: That is the edit asset ability that a core office member can have. Jessica Ropicki: Now, we're going to do a transfer. Again, a transfer in Workday is for a worker, location, or work tags. We're going to go to the related actions again. Jessica Ropicki: Business Asset Transfer. Jessica Ropicki: You can put a comment in here. I'm just gonna put test today. Jessica Ropicki: And you notice here's the current work tags, and here's who it's currently issued to, and the location. So we're going to change all three today. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna issue it to Ana… Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna move it to a different room within Ayers. Jessica Ropicki: And I'm gonna change the cost center. Jessica Ropicki: I can hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And you'll notice now, the transfer added, transfer asset is a business pro- associated with a business process, so it is going to cologne for approval. Jessica Ropicki: Okay… Jessica Ropicki: Similar to transfers, a disposal can be initiated by the business asset tracking specialist or the business asset account. Now, asset disposals are associated with the business process and can have approvals set up for it. Jessica Ropicki: When a disposal is initiated by a member of the court office, it will need to be approved by another member of the court office that has that role, a business asset account. Jessica Ropicki: So, you can dispose of one asset at a time, or you can dispose of multiple assets at a time. For multiple assets, you would go to the task. Jessica Ropicki: Dispose asset. Jessica Ropicki: Here. Jessica Ropicki: In the situation of where you might need to dispose of multiple assets at a time is, say, a building is being demolished. It has several components associated with it, and they all need to be disposed of in the same manner, same time, everything. Jessica Ropicki: So that's… think of that as our example today. Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna do disposal type of demolished. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna put a comment… Demolition of the building… And then… Jessica Ropicki: The asset identifier is kind of equivalent to tag number. Jessica Ropicki: Our tag numbers for buildings start off with 4910BB, followed by the building number, and then the last two digits are going to be the components. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna hit search. Jessica Ropicki: I notice 3 items have showed up. So I have 03, the identifier ends in 03, 02, and 01, we have plumbing, we have a roof, and we have a structure. Jessica Ropicki: So, we are going to select all of these items. Jessica Ropicki: The, header information has populated onto each individual asset. Jessica Ropicki: And we can click OK. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, and… If you go to Becky's… Archive? Jessica Ropicki: You can see those disposals she just submitted are in progress, and they need to be approved by Children. Jessica Ropicki: Alrighty… Alternatively, if you just want to dispose of one asset. Jessica Ropicki: You can just type in that asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: Again, we're going to go to the related actions here. Jessica Ropicki: Business asset, dispose. Jessica Ropicki: You'll also… you can enter it in the header, or you can enter it right on the asset itself. Let's do it here. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna do transaction dates. Jessica Ropicki: Do one again, and we'll say demolition as well. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, it's some… Jessica Ropicki: So, when you're doing one asset, it actually pops up that it is going to childvert next. Jessica Ropicki: For his approval. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, that… Concludes the first demo. Jessica Ropicki: Any questions? Jessica Ropicki: Alright. Brady Allred: It's Demo 3. Brady Allred: Or demo 5, excuse me. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now we're going to kind of get into some complex asset situations, so you're going to have to bear with me while I get through all of them. But we're going to review a variety of situations, that are going to involve the asset adjustment event, asset share of it, and disposal of it. Jessica Ropicki: They're all going to be performed by the core office. Jessica Ropicki: And the different scenarios we're going to do is that Becky has encountered the following situations. Jessica Ropicki: The first being she has multiple assets on multiple invoice lines with multiple funding sources, so how do we reflect that with each asset we're registering? The second is going to be a consolidate already capitalized assets. Jessica Ropicki: And the last is going to be a work-in-progress fabricated asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, we are going to go into Becky's inbox. Jessica Ropicki: She's gonna have an invoice here. Jessica Ropicki: Oops, sorry, I'm in her archive. Need to go to all items. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So now, she has this invoice in here. Jessica Ropicki: Think of the situation here, and I'll scroll down so you can see the invoice lines, I think that will help. Jessica Ropicki: Where we have a microscope that has, three parts that are being assembled as one tagged asset. The invoice is for the purchase of two of these microscopes, and each part is a separate line item on the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: In addition, We scroll to the right. Jessica Ropicki: You can see each line item for this microscope is getting funded by a different cost center. Jessica Ropicki: The end goal here is to reflect that each individual microscope has 3 different funding sources. Jessica Ropicki: Now, the process I'm about to go through is involved. It's also involved in current state, so it's… it's staying very involved, and you'll see that as I go through this. And of course. Jessica Ropicki: We will have instructions, wrote up on how to do this, because it… because of the nature of how involved it is. So first, we need to approve this invoice, so she can see… she has 3 lines, she has lenses, she has a stand, and she has the base. And then, like we said, the work tags over here to the side, 3 different cost centers are involved. Jessica Ropicki: Just gonna approve it. Jessica Ropicki: I think this is a new… Thing. Jessica Ropicki: Mmm, sorry, let me see what to say. Jessica Ropicki: Invoice received date is required. Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So… Actually, that might have been on the header. Jessica Ropicki: Apologies, I think this was a recent change that was made. Jessica Ropicki: Invoice received date. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, I think it's gonna let me go through, soap. Jessica Ropicki: We are at the review trackable line step now, and we are wanting to ensure Jessica Ropicki: that we had 3 lines on this invoice, and a quantity of 2 on each one, because we're building 2 microscopes. If we left everything checked in this trackable, column, it would generate 6 assets, but that's not what we need. We only need 2, because we're kind of assembling some pieces. So we're going to uncheck the trackable. Jessica Ropicki: On the first two lines. Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to leave the trackable checked on the last line that's associated with two assets. So now, only two assets will be generated. Jessica Ropicki: Fingers crossed. Jessica Ropicki: Not sure what's going on there. I think it was approved, so… Alright. Jessica Ropicki: And… Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now the next steps we have is that we have the asset registration step, for this invoice that we just approved. Jessica Ropicki: So we will open this up. Jessica Ropicki: And we will see we have a microscope base. Jessica Ropicki: And we have two of them here. We're going to go ahead and do the asset registration steps, which we need to, identify the asset identifier. It's going to be the same as the asset name, so we'll do those quickly for both. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna put in a serial number. Jessica Ropicki: And we can put in the manufacturer. Jessica Ropicki: Or both of these as well. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, we are registering the two assets, and we'll hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And now it's gone to the next step, which is the assign accounting information. Jessica Ropicki: We'll take this to a full screen view as well. You will notice that it is… we use the spend category of lab scientific, so it's defaulting the accounting treatment based upon the dollar amount, which is $10,000. Jessica Ropicki: It's defaulting it to a depreciable capital asset and giving it the associated depreciable profile of 7 years. Jessica Ropicki: Now, each asset that we created, Jessica Ropicki: We can go ahead and make sure nothing else needs adjusted. Keep in mind, the unit cost here is only $10,000. That's only the amount from that third line. We still need to associate lines 1 and 2 of the invoice with that asset, which we'll do momentarily. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, just so we can… It's set. Jessica Ropicki: God. Jessica Ropicki: So, we can go to her archives. Jessica Ropicki: And it will show us the two assets that we just Did the registration. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so here's the asset that we just completed the registration, we just completed the assigned accounting information. It has a capital cost of $10,000, and it's a depreciable capital asset. Jessica Ropicki: But again, that's only the third line of that invoice that's getting associated with this asset. So we're going to need to go into this Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: We are going to go to Business Asset, and we are going to go to Adjust Acquisition Cost. Jessica Ropicki: We will take… This, supplier invoice line here. Jessica Ropicki: the supplier invoice that we just approved. We want to look, and we want to find those two other lines and associate them with this asset. So we're going to look for these. That invoice had 3 line items, so if you click on the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: You can see which line it's referring to. Jessica Ropicki: Gives you a little bit more detail. You can select this line. Jessica Ropicki: It's gonna bring over the entire amount from that line. But in our situation, we're having two of these, so we only need half of this amount. Jessica Ropicki: So I'm gonna change that to a 1000. Jessica Ropicki: And then the adjustment reason, we're going to do invoice add value. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna click Submit. Jessica Ropicki: Give it a second… Jessica Ropicki: And now you'll notice that current capital cost has gone from $10,000 to $11,000. However, that's only one of the lines. We need to do this one more time for the other line. Jessica Ropicki: Now we're gonna go to the second line. It's bringing over the entire amount. Jessica Ropicki: I only need half of this. Jessica Ropicki: And again, I'm going to do the, adjustment reason of invoice add value. And I will hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Give it in a minute. All right, so now we have our current capital cost of $11,500, which was exactly half of that invoice for the three… total of the three lines. So we're kind of, like, halfway there at this moment. Jessica Ropicki: Now, you'll notice the work tags associated with this asset. It only has one set of work tags, but this asset had 3 different cost centers associated with it, with the purchase. Jessica Ropicki: So now we have to manually go in and adjust the work tags for this, and the asset shares. So we're going to go again to the related actions. Jessica Ropicki: business asset, Maintain asset shares. Jessica Ropicki: And this you'll have to watch me do, which might be a little painful, but not too bad. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we had… one line was for a thousand… Jessica Ropicki: And, we have to do the class as well each time here. Jessica Ropicki: And I need to associate this $1,000 Jessica Ropicki: With the work tags that were on the invoice. Jessica Ropicki: So it'll just be a minute for me to do this. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, now we want to do the next line. Jessica Ropicki: That was for $500. Jessica Ropicki: And that was paid by a different cost center, so we need to make sure we capture that, because the original Jessica Ropicki: Acquisition detail of the asset is very important to maintain. Jessica Ropicki: do that… And here, we're going to represent the second cost center involved. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, and finally, we're gonna do that last line item. Jessica Ropicki: And that was for $10,000. Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna get all this detail. Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to get the last cost center as well to be reflected. Jessica Ropicki: There are… Jessica Ropicki: One thing I want to point out is that it says the amount split was $11,500, amount to be split, we split out the entire amount of this asset, so everything looks good. Jessica Ropicki: So I'm gonna hit OK. Jessica Ropicki: And we'll just give it a minute. Jessica Ropicki: And then, you usually have to refresh… Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so over here it says asset shares. This is previously where it only listed out one set of work tags, so now it's correctly reflecting that it was funded by three different set of work tags. Jessica Ropicki: You click on that 3, you can make it bigger, and you can see all of the detail now, and see that 3 different cost centers actually paid for this asset. Jessica Ropicki: All right, that was the first complex situation. Any questions before I go to the second one? Jessica Ropicki: I know that was a little hard to watch, all that. Brady Allred: We do have, a couple questions in the chat, but you might want to wait till the end. Mina asks, Jessica, would you be able to also walk through a trade-in scenario? Brady Allred: And Hector follows that up with, how about a gift-in-kind scenario? Jessica Ropicki: I don't have anything staged for a trade-in scenario, but I will later on be doing a gift-in-kind scenario, so I'm definitely happy to, Mina, stage a trade-in for you and show that to you later on. I just do not have it staged for today, so I will reach out to you afterwards to do the trade-in. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to go to now my, second scenario. Jessica Ropicki: And in this scenario. Jessica Ropicki: We'll be fixing something that was done incorrectly. So, keeping with the same thing, we have a microscope base that was capitalized under one asset ID, and we have a microscope lens and stand that were capitalized under a second asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: Our goal is, we need to combine these two asset IDs into one. They should have been capitalized only as one. Mistakenly, they got capitalized as two. Jessica Ropicki: So, how do we fix this? Jessica Ropicki: So first, we need to take note of both of the asset IDs involved, and you will need to unassociate the supplier invoice with the first asset ID, and then associate that supplier invoice with the second asset ID. And then finally, you will dispose of the first asset ID. So. Jessica Ropicki: To start this process off, as we stated, we're first going to unassociate the asset with the relevant supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: And we'll take that first asset ID. So for our example, we're going to use this asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: And this says microscope Base, and we're going to go ahead and unassociate the supplier invoice, which is referred to down here in the general asset information. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna click on that supplier invoice, We're gonna scroll down. Jessica Ropicki: And you'll see this is the assets associated with that supplier invoice. We're going to click the Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to do supplier invoice line remove. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna click OK. Jessica Ropicki: And done. Jessica Ropicki: Now, we want to go find that second asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: That is the… Jessica Ropicki: lenses and stand, I believe? Yes, microscope lenses and stand. We need to now associate that base, supplier invoice with this now. So, similar to, like you saw earlier, we go to Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: We go to Business Asset, I'm gonna go to Adjust Acquisition Cost. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to pull up that supplier invoice number that we just unassociated with the first asset ID. Jessica Ropicki: And we're bringing over that $11,000. And… We can say, does the invoice add value? Jessica Ropicki: Click Submit. Jessica Ropicki: Let's give it a second. Jessica Ropicki: And now you'll notice the current capital cost has increased to $21,000. Jessica Ropicki: So, we could also… we could edit the description here, and we could change it to say, you know, baselines and stand, and then this asset's good. We got this one fixed. However, we still need to deal with that original asset, that was registered mistakenly. So I'm going to pull the first one back up again. Jessica Ropicki: And I'm gonna dispose of this asset. Jessica Ropicki: So, related actions, business asset, dispose. Jessica Ropicki: I can pick the trans type today, disposal, and I can say decal correction, and I could put a little note saying… Jessica Ropicki: why I'm disposing of this, and say that… It was… Jessica Ropicki: mistakenly registered, and the cost is now included, and I can list out the second asset ID. Now I can hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And as we… Previously showed, it's going to Chalbert for approval. Jessica Ropicki: And that concludes our second complex situation of consolidating already capitalized assets. Jessica Ropicki: My next demo is going to be a work in progress, but are there any questions before… on the consolidate one before I move to the work in progress? Brady Allred: Add one more for Mina. Jessica, while you are at it, I would like to walk through the scenario for replacement and improvement of an existing asset, namely for a building, roof, for example, and the fund type that is used. That might be for your own. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, the personal demo. Yeah, I'll get that all staged up and reach back out. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so the next situation is going to be our work-in-progress asset. Jessica Ropicki: So, we will now work on the situation where we're in the process of building an asset. Now, we have established a separate spin category called Work in Progress Fabricated Asset, and we can inform campus that this is a spin category they should use when constructing an asset. Jessica Ropicki: We're going to approve the supplier invoice in the inbox for the fabricated asset, so let me go back to Becky's inbox. Jessica Ropicki: And I will search for my… Fabricated asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we're gonna scroll down, she has this invoice in her box. Oops, she can see it says line description is work in progress microscope, basin lenses. They're using the spin category of work-in-progress fabricated assets. Jessica Ropicki: So that's already going to be a trigger that she's like, okay, there's going to be more invoices coming in later associated with this item. Jessica Ropicki: She can scroll to the side, she can see it's only for $1,500 right now, so it's not even capital at this point, but the anticipation is that it is going to be capital. Jessica Ropicki: She'll keep scrolling, she can see all her work tags. Jessica Ropicki: And then she can go ahead and approve. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so now she's approved the invoice, it is going to be a capital asset eventually, but it's a work in progress right now. She still has to do that trackable, review trackable lines. Because only one line is being generated on this invoice, and there's only a quantity of one, she can just leave it checked. Jessica Ropicki: And she can approve the trackable invoice line step. Jessica Ropicki: And then now, the next step is going to be the asset registration. Jessica Ropicki: So she can pop that into a full screen view. Jessica Ropicki: The asset name… Jessica Ropicki: It's going to be the same as identifier. Set identifier is equivalent to tag number and current state. Jessica Ropicki: She can type in… Jessica Ropicki: And because it was using a spin category of work in progress, this asset class and asset type are not getting pre-filled out. They're not defaulting to something, because a work in progress asset could be anything, right? So, we're going to enter that in here. Jessica Ropicki: And let's say what it is. Jessica Ropicki: And the asset type as well. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: So, we can scroll down, and we can hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: Now we are at the assign accounting step. We're going to make this into a full-screen view. Jessica Ropicki: So, while we're doing the assign accounting step, I want you to take note, it's still showing the spend category from the invoice of the work in progress fabricated asset, but she knows what we're building now, so maybe for reporting purposes, she wants to go ahead and change that spend category to what it's going to be, which is lab equipment. Jessica Ropicki: Okay Jessica Ropicki: And now, she will notice it's defaulting to expense because the unit cost of $1,500, but she knows this is going to be a capital item. Jessica Ropicki: So she can. Jessica Ropicki: Change this. Jessica Ropicki: To a depreciable capital asset, and she can assign it its depreciation profile. Jessica Ropicki: So, the one thing I want to note here is we have two choices when we select 7 years. We have upon acquisition, or manually or when issued. We don't want to start depreciating this asset yet. It's not built, it's not in service. We want to select the manually or when issued. Jessica Ropicki: So let's do that. Jessica Ropicki: And now, we can take that back, and we can hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And… we… Jessica Ropicki: now have the one asset, work in progress asset, is registered. It is not in service, and we're going to look at a second supplier invoice now associated with that asset. Jessica Ropicki: Okay… So let me type in her inbox. Jessica Ropicki: Our staged second one. Jessica Ropicki: So, say it's a month later, she's received a second invoice related to this work-in-progress asset, she can scroll down, she can see in the memo line, somebody put Part 2, in current state and in Workday, I would imagine she would have sent them. Jessica Ropicki: that asset ID, asset number that was generated, and they would have populated that right here in this part, too. Jessica Ropicki: Now, she can review the line item. It's the stand now for the microscope. They're still using the work in progress spin category. Jessica Ropicki: And they have a memo, line item memo, too, where they're saying Part 2 for this item. Jessica Ropicki: So she can scroll, and she can say, oh, all looks good, and she can approve this. Jessica Ropicki: And now I'll go back into our inbox. Jessica Ropicki: We are at the review trackable invoice line step again. So… Jessica Ropicki: you'll notice the box is checked. It's wanting to create a second asset, but that's not what we want in this case. We know this is only the second part of this work-in-progress asset. We don't need a new asset ID generated. Jessica Ropicki: We can uncheck that box, and we are going to later on associate this supplier invoice, then, with the first asset that was created. Jessica Ropicki: So we're gonna approve it right now. Jessica Ropicki: And note, the asset registration and accounting events did not come up. These are the old ones related to the roofs that came over from the construction accounting demos we were doing. Jessica Ropicki: And we can go to her archive. Jessica Ropicki: And we can… here it is. Jessica Ropicki: Find that asset ID for the first part. Jessica Ropicki: So, it has an accounting treatment of depreciable capital asset, but notice its cost is only $1,500. Jessica Ropicki: Also notice that status is registered. It is not in service yet. Jessica Ropicki: So… Now we want to pull up the, Jessica Ropicki: We want to go to the Related Actions. Jessica Ropicki: business asset. Jessica Ropicki: Adjust acquisition cost. Jessica Ropicki: And we're going to take… that supplier invoice. Jessica Ropicki: That was for the Part 2, that $10,000, and we want to associate it with the work-in-progress asset that we created off of the first invoice. Jessica Ropicki: Our adjustment reason in this case is going to be a fabricated asset. Jessica Ropicki: And we're gonna hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: We're gonna give it a minute. Jessica Ropicki: And now, you'll notice the current capital cost has increased to $11,500. Jessica Ropicki: You'll notice if I scroll down, there are two supplier invoices associated with this asset now. Jessica Ropicki: And it's still in a registered status, and if we wanted to say that was the last invoice associated with this asset we're building, we can go ahead and go to the related actions, business asset. Jessica Ropicki: And place into service. Jessica Ropicki: We can pick the in-service date, we'll use today, and we'll hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And… Jessica Ropicki: Now you'll notice the status has switched to in-service. Jessica Ropicki: So, that concludes… all of my complex asset situation examples I was going to do. So that's the… Jessica Ropicki: not the last demo, but the last of the complex situations, so any questions I can answer around those? Jessica Ropicki: Nope. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, gang, we're doing great. One more demo, one more demo. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so our last demo is going to be the assets to ledger reconciliation, and this report is going to be used at month end to ensure all the charges to the capital asset spend categories tie out to the capitalized asset ledger accounts. Jessica Ropicki: So, in current state, that would be, like, all of our 7 eighths got capitalized into 1 eighths. Jessica Ropicki: For the ledgers. Now, this step is going to be performed by the Central Office Asset Management. Jessica Ropicki: And in this scenario, we're going to be Chalbert Colon, and we're going to perform our month-end reconciliation to ensure everything's been capitalized correctly. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: Alright, so first, I'm going to proxy in… That's childish. Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we are going to pull up… Jessica Ropicki: They report assets to reg… Ledger reconciliation. Jessica Ropicki: Now, I'm going to do this reconciliation for the Research Foundation, because UFLOR has had a ton of testing done on it, and a lot of, current state assets brought in as part of our conversion testing, so UFLOR would be hard to follow. Jessica Ropicki: So let's do it for the Research Foundation. Jessica Ropicki: It is going to be, for the leisure period, we're going to do the current period. Jessica Ropicki: And I want to get rid of those two. We're gonna just be looking at our 1-8 accounts, our capital asset accounts. And I'm gonna hit OK and run this report. Jessica Ropicki: So now… You will notice that we have the Alledger account. Jessica Ropicki: Of furniture and equipment on the far left. Jessica Ropicki: Followed by the associated spin categories that were kind of feeding into that ledger account. Jessica Ropicki: Then you'll see we have our operational balances. Jessica Ropicki: And then we have our ledger balances. And if there is a difference, it's going to display here, and you can run your asset operation to ledger balance variance report. If you hit that, it's just going to show you the different work tags, so we have a balance on these work tags, but we do not have an associated ledger balance on those work tags. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna hit back. Jessica Ropicki: I haven't went too far. Jessica Ropicki: Apologies, let me run out one more time… Jessica Ropicki: Okay, so we're back to where we were. Any of these blue items are going to be drill-down capabilities. So I could click on this 11,000, and I could say, you know, what is this related to? I can see it's related to this business asset ID. I could drill into that. Jessica Ropicki: it's bringing me to that assets, like, home page. I can see, if I scroll down, it has an asset source of manual registration. And that asset source is used when we have a donated or gifted asset. Jessica Ropicki: It has an acquisition method of other. Other is, designating that the item was donated. So… Jessica Ropicki: In Workday, you may remember, we talked about this forever ago, but you may remember that when you have a donated asset, you can manually register that asset, but you're also going to have to make a journal entry to get that asset recorded. Jessica Ropicki: So, if I go to… Let's see how… Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to go into my Find Journals report. Jessica Ropicki: I'm going to pull up… I had staged a journal, so you didn't have to watch me do the whole thing. Jessica Ropicki: And… And it had a status of created. Jessica Ropicki: But not posted. Jessica Ropicki: So here's my journal that I had created earlier. We're gonna hit the three Related Actions buttons. We're gonna go to Journal. We're gonna go to Edit. Jessica Ropicki: It's going to show me that full journal screen. This is similar to what you were seeing on that construction journal we did earlier, although the journal source here is just going to be manual journal. Jessica Ropicki: We have a memo, we're recording a donated asset, we're referring to the asset ID in the memo, we're gonna scroll down, you can see the ledger accounts being used, the furniture and equipment, the gifts, donations, and we can scroll over to the right, and where we're going to… the work tags, and where we're going to be placing this asset. Jessica Ropicki: We can go ahead and hit submit. Jessica Ropicki: And then, if I go to Chalberts… Archived. Jessica Ropicki: I can see this journal he just submitted is in progress, and it's with Edeline. Jessica Ropicki: So I'm gonna quickly proxy in a Zadel on. Jessica Ropicki: And if I go to her inbox… Jessica Ropicki: So, Ed Elements with General Accounting, if you guys aren't aware, General Accounting now is reviewing this journal, they can scroll down, they can see the lines, they can see any attachment with it, they could send it back if they want, but we're going to go ahead and approve it. Jessica Ropicki: Okay. Jessica Ropicki: And then, success! That journal has been posted. Jessica Ropicki: I'm gonna quickly go back in as Chalbert. Jessica Ropicki: And if I pull up that report… Again. Jessica Ropicki: Ledger, current period… oops, sorry. Jessica Ropicki: We're just looking at the asset accounts, and if I hit OK… Jessica Ropicki: Oh, sorry, my journal was backwards, but you get the point! Jessica Ropicki: So, it would have zeroed this out, and everything would have been a difference of zero. Apologies on that. But yeah, so that's the way you can use this report, and you can drill down further into any discrepancies you see, and you can kind of narrow down that search a little bit easier than we do in current state. Jessica Ropicki: In current state, we have to use a variety of queries with a series of eliminations of lines. It's a very involved process, and it's a lot of, like, ticking and tying, so I think this new way is going to be a little cleaner, and a little more straightforward. Jessica Ropicki: So, any questions on the reconciliation? Jessica Ropicki: Or anything, at all, to be honest. Jessica Ropicki: Does that work? Meena Thiyagarajah: Jessica, I've got a question, more from a DSO perspective. So, when we are recognizing, or transferring in Meena Thiyagarajah: or I should say, as part of the, you know, creating the DSO information on the asset tags and such. Jessica Ropicki: Oh. Meena Thiyagarajah: Are we recognizing the current Value of the… Meena Thiyagarajah: building, because, for example, the FSP, Florida Seed Producers, has a building that they have purchased. Jessica Ropicki: Huh. Meena Thiyagarajah: So, what's the methodology, or what are we recognizing? What is the current value to date? What has been depreciated? Meena Thiyagarajah: We, we… Jessica Ropicki: Sorry, specifically trying to understand what are the things that would be actually included as part of the import. Meena Thiyagarajah: To recognize all the equipment, capitalized. Meena Thiyagarajah: Assets and such. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, so for any… for you, Flora, for any DSOs, any active assets out there are gonna come over. They're gonna come over after full cost with the depreciation recorded as well. Jessica Ropicki: Yeah, and then, any disposed assets, though, are not going to come over. So it would just be your active ones, but all of that information will be coming over. Meena Thiyagarajah: Alright, thanks. Jessica Ropicki: No problem. Jessica Ropicki: Any additional questions? Brady Allred: Alright. Brady Allred: Oh, thanks so much, Jessica. Brady Allred: Wonderful job. Lots of work and preparation. Brady Allred: 6 demos is a lot to try and cover, so she did a fantastic job. Brady Allred: For what's next, thank you everyone for coming, for the questions and feedback. Brady Allred: Our team will determine how to incorporate that feedback Brady Allred: And more information to come on training. If you have additional questions, you can visit this website and submit them there. Brady Allred: Thank you so much. Jessica Ropicki: Thank you, everyone. Chris Whitehurst: Thank you.