Brandon Esposito: So if you're searching for a journal. Brandon Esposito: Like, your first… let me… let me go back out. I'll just go out and start from the beginning. So what you're gonna do is you're gonna go into your search bar, and you're gonna… Brandon Esposito: You're gonna search Find Journals, and then from here. Brandon Esposito: is where you'll enter all your information. And the red asterisks are hard-coded, you have to have something in those areas, so… Brandon Esposito: For this example, we're just gonna select the company, and we'll select UFloor. Brandon Esposito: You can type it, or you can search it. Brandon Esposito: Through the… Brandon Esposito: through the Dropbox, same thing with the year, you need to have a fiscal year, so for this one, we're just gonna do fiscal year 26. Brandon Esposito: And… and then you're gonna need a period, so… We're just gonna search January. Brandon Esposito: So from here, you can go as granular as you want. You can search your… any ledger. We're gonna do actuals, because we're looking for manual journals. Brandon Esposito: A book, which is not… which won't be for this, but this is for, Brandon Esposito: If you have construction, or, like, a year-end adjustment, or anything like that, you would select your reporting book, or your common book. Brandon Esposito: If you know your journal number already. Brandon Esposito: You can type it in here, copy it and paste it in there. Unfortunately, I don't know. Your status, you would click here. This will reduce the amount of journals you're looking through. Brandon Esposito: Instead of… it'll… if you don't… if you leave it wide open, it's gonna search for all the journals. Brandon Esposito: That are in any of these statuses, so we'll try to look… we'll look for a post-it journal, or actually, we'll look for in progress. Brandon Esposito: You can select the accounting date as well, you can choose a range. I'm just gonna leave that wide open since we have it in January. You can use your source. Brandon Esposito: you know, what journal is it? I'm gonna type in manual. Brandon Esposito: And it's not gonna come up. Brandon Esposito: Nope, and I'm just gonna select that. Brandon Esposito: You can even select who originated the journal. Brandon Esposito: So currently, right now, I'm… I'm proxied in as Robin, because… Brandon Esposito: In my… in my setup, I'm set up as UAA, so I can't really search a lot of DE4. But I'm just gonna search for anything that Robin originated. Brandon Esposito: I don't know why it's not. Brandon Esposito: And you could even go as far as seeing who approved it, but for this, we're just gonna… Brandon Esposito: And then once you have it set up, and this… this is a good report, you can save it. You can name it, and then save it. Brandon Esposito: I don't know why I have an error. Brandon Esposito: Workday! Brandon Esposito: So, I don't know why it's doing that. Brandon Esposito: Wow. Brandon Esposito: Sorry, guys, I think Workday just doesn't like me. I mean, that's what I'm going with here. I mean, Brady, we've seen it multiple times now, what am I doing here? Brady Allred: Seems to be. Brandon Esposito: The one thing is me. Brady Allred: It always works. Brandon Esposito: They're gonna let me. Brady Allred: Wow. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah. Where does that report save? You said you could fill… you could save the filters… Yeah, you could save filters. Brandon Esposito: the filter, and then it'll always, like, once you go back in to find journals, it'll show at the bottom, it'll have your filter there. So, like, if I put, you know, Robin's, you know, JEs, it'll say there, and I can just click it, and it'll pull up. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Nice. Brandon Esposito: And you can do as many filters as you want. You can, you know. Brandon Esposito: Filter it however you need, or however you want. Brady Allred: Brandon, what if you refresh that page at the browser, like, at the tab level? Yeah. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Let's try it again. Brandon Esposito: I'll go faster this time. Brandon Esposito: Hey, we don't know, we're gonna do… In progress… Brandon Esposito: I'm gonna leave the dates open… Journal source… Okay. Brandon Esposito: That would seem to be working better. Brandon Esposito: A lot better. Okay. Brandon Esposito: And then here, you could also select if it was an adjusting journal. Brandon Esposito: Reversed, recurring, intercompany, but for here… and then here's where you could just go. Brandon Esposito: Test. Brandon Esposito: And then your filter would be in there. Brady Allred: That will come up every time they go to make a report. Brandon Esposito: Yep, so then I clicked OK. Brandon Esposito: And here's where it shows your journals that are in progress, waiting for approval. Brandon Esposito: And these are actually just test journals, so… Brandon Esposito: We didn't go all the way through. You can go even further and just click the journal. Click the magnifying glass, it'll show Brandon Esposito: What your journal is, what you're doing here, you can click Status History, see who's entered it. Brandon Esposito: Process history, so save for later. Brady Allred: So… Brady Allred: Back to the case scenario that Mickey and Carrie both talked about earlier, if you don't know the status, like, that was an optional filter, you could search for everything else, but you know the specific journal number, then you could look up the status and see it here. Yes. Okay. Brady Allred: Well. Brandon Esposito: How's that? Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Feels great. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: I mean, it's not too different from current state, except for the report feature, that's really cool. The state filters, yes, that's nice. Brandon Esposito: Yep, and there's also… and then if you click back, this is what I keep having to learn, is if you click back, it will actually go back. Brandon Esposito: Or you… you couldn't do that in PeopleSoft, always. Brandon Esposito: That was one flaw. Let's see, it would take me all the way back to find journals. Brandon Esposito: And you can come in here, and you can select other, you know. Brandon Esposito: Other options… we'll just stay with the same year. Brandon Esposito: Same month, and then I'll just leave it open. Maybe I'll just change it to approved. Brandon Esposito: You know, ones that have been posted. Brandon Esposito: So we'll kind of keep everything the same, except for here we're going to select posted. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): And you know, Carrie, they are already looking at the list of most common reports, so instead of just going wide open on fine journals, there might… I don't know the list of it, but there might be a report that says, look for posted journals in the prior month, or something like that, so it'll come pre-filtered with Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): all of those things that then you can additionally filter on. So, there will be things that are kind of common, like queries that people are used to using. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): hey, you know, where's all my vouchers I processed this month, or something? There will be reports like that already designed, and people will just have to learn how to find those, and then they'll find their favorite ones under… it'll have report numbers to it. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): So, I think… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): After just a little bit of learning, people are going to be able to find their information in Workday much easier. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah, sounds like it. Sounds like it, anyway. Yeah, and that'll be all housed in, like. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: a similar, like, enterprise analytics type place, or is that going to be in Workday, like. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Kind of like what we saw. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): The idea is to produce as much as you can out of Workday-delivered stuff that we can, and what we do on changing is maybe just… I mean, like, for here, we can create the report, and we can make it to move the columns into different places, or maybe add a couple things, and that's still a delivered report. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Then there's reports that maybe need a little extra help, that there are certain ones that we can customize even more, maybe by adding some columns that would not normally exist in this type of report. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): And if it's totally impossible in Workday, that's when it gets thrown out to a warehousing situation, and they have to create custom reports there. But the goal is to have the least amount of those as possible. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): keep everybody in Workday, where you've got links that take you back to the original transactions and… and all of that good stuff. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: So my mind immediately goes to, like, query viewer. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Like, this is my Workday query viewer, because I use that a lot for journal detail, especially on the stuff that, like… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Oh, gosh, the UFGO stuff, where there was, like, a personal expense, and they used that weird accounting, you know, code, and so we had to look at it from that perspective, which… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: isn't in the warehouse, it's not… it's not something easy to find there anyway, let me put it that way. And then, you know, so, good. I hope that we can still have that capability, because I'm sure there's going to be a lot of… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: things to figure out. Hopefully it works better than what we have current state, but, yeah. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: That's great. Brandon Esposito: the goal. Brandon Esposito: Yeah, and here's all the posted journals. And then one other thing, I don't… Brandon Esposito: remember if I… I know I didn't say it, but on… if you click… click, like, these three, like. Brandon Esposito: I don't know, they look like little plug-ins, but if you click that, it'll take you back to the report, and you can modify your report. Brandon Esposito: From there. And then, like, if you're like, oh, I don't want to see manual journals, now I want to see Brandon Esposito: Accounting adjustments. Brandon Esposito: You just click it, and then you click OK, and then now it'll take you to your accounting adjustments that posted. Brandon Esposito: That's the only thing I changed, was the account adjustments. And these are, Carrie, these are like the E to E's. Brandon Esposito: The accounting adjustment replaces the ET. Brandon Esposito: So now, instead, you can just go in, you go into the supplier invoice, and you do an accounting adjustment. Brandon Esposito: directly to the invoice, so it makes, like Mickey said, there's a good trail. Brandon Esposito: Of the accounting, and it's very easy to see it. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: That's great. Brady Allred: So… as, someone who's selfishly looking for instructional materials and how to update them. Brady Allred: I'm curious, is there a… Course that currently exists, to anyone's knowledge, that talks about like, E2E and journal… Brady Allred: processes that I could use, and then work with you guys to change and update Brady Allred: To what it's gonna be. Brady Allred: Does that make sense, what I'm asking? Brandon Esposito: Yes, I see what you're saying. Kind of like, like, from a current to future state, kind of. Brady Allred: Right. Brandon Esposito: But you're. Brady Allred: Right. Brandon Esposito: Like, what we do right now, like, what we're saying, E to E, Brandon Esposito: Which is a journal. In current state, it's an actual… Brandon Esposito: what we're calling now a manual journal. The EDE's a manual journal? I don't know, Mickey, is there any trainings on that? I know we have, like, probably some… Brandon Esposito: some… documentation. I don't know about actual trainings, but I'm pretty sure I could probably. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): reflection. Brandon Esposito: documents. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: There are… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yay. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: instructional, like, like, instruction guides. I know for Eda Bar… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: ours anymore, like, that's… that's where… because we just revisited this, but yeah, I think there should be some on the E to E's as well, because it's the same, or it's very similar, right? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah, so I just sent you a link to the finance toolkit, so there's a lot of those Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): online guidelines there. There used to be a PeopleSoft training for journal entry and journal import. I don't know if that still exists. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: It does, Mickey. Let me see if I can. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Oh yeah, yeah, it does. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Okay. Oh. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: You got it? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Whoops. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): I just didn't go far enough down on the page. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah, because we just revamped our, like… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: instead of doing E to Rs one by one, we have a programmer that basically had them import and load Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Individually. Brady Allred: Right. Brady Allred: And this is helpful because, like… Brady Allred: These processes that we walk through, in these recordings, they're really helpful for creating, like, these instruction guides, because it shows the step-by-step process, but what the piece that we're kind of missing that people are going to want is Brady Allred: how do I think about this differently? Because the whole… Brady Allred: system is being redone, so they're going to want to go, how do I do exactly what I did a month ago now? Brady Allred: And they need to think. Brady Allred: how do I do my job now? Like, it's totally, totally different from what they're gonna want, so… Brady Allred: I would like to go through, what we have, and then kind of work with you guys to come up with, Brady Allred: the new thing, like, how should they think things through now? So I'll… I'll spend a lot of time reviewing this material, the business processes that we've walked through here. Brady Allred: and then kind of come up with something that, that I think might be close Brady Allred: And then I'll rely a lot on you guys to help me Brady Allred: Make it so that it's accurate, and… and actually what's gonna happen. Brandon Esposito: Perfect. It took me a minute, but Carrie, I just wanted you to see I had to navigate a little. This is the original supplier invoice, and if you see the tabs, I'm currently on the journal lines. Brandon Esposito: Let's see, there's a retained earnings. Brandon Esposito: Which is now gonna be, like, the net position. Brandon Esposito: The accounting history, and then now there's an accounting adjustment tab, which is normally not there. Brandon Esposito: It's only there when you do the accounting adjustment, and then if you click on it, it just tells you what changed, like, you'd have to compare, but you can see Brandon Esposito: We changed a cost center, basically, on this accounting adjustment. Brandon Esposito: But it actually ties back to your supplier invoice. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: That's awesome. But I… I do, like, in the last GBAS community, the one where we were all in. Brandon Esposito: person. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: And they mentioned that if it is not the exact dollar-for-dollar change, that it's gonna be a different process. Brandon Esposito: That'd be a manual journal instead. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Okay, yep. Brandon Esposito: Alright. Yeah. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah, so that brainy will have… that will have to be in the training, for sure, when doing an E to E, because people… that happens all the time. Yep. Brandon Esposito: If you're splitting, like, if you're splitting, it can't… the accounting adjustment won't work. Brandon Esposito: You have to do a manual journal. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah, and I know that's what a lot of… a lot of people do, is they've already made their purchase, and they think, oh, well, now I'm gonna… I'm gonna share the cost with somebody, so I only want to move half of it. So, they're gonna have to think. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): manual journal, just like they do EDEs now, but when they go in there and they say, oh, you know what, I accidentally just charged the wrong grant, and I need to move it all to another grant, it's going to be so nice to use this operational journal, and from the Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): payables standpoint, you get to see that that's what it is, and for general accounting, who used to have to verify, are they really moving from one to the other? Did we already move it once before? There's no question about that when it's all just attached together, so it's going to make the… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): the trail, audit trail of these kind of changes, nice, so… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): That's definitely one of the things I think Workday is lacking, is the ability to take that one line and split it into two different cost centers, which, as I understand, people have been asking about that for quite some time. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): So Does it happen? Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Maybe soon, right? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): It has to be coming down the pipeline somewhere. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: And that… Sorry, good. Brady Allred: I was just gonna ask, that's something that they can do now. Brady Allred: But they won't be able to do in the future. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Correct. Well, I mean, we don't have this accounting adjustment. This is really nice, because I think this solves our problem on the back end of when we… when we are reconciling, right? We… we are looking for that adjustment. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: to be made, and to hit the ledgers, and to link it back to the original purchase, right? So, I'm hoping… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Mickey, I don't know if you've seen on that reporting side of it, is it as streamlined as that? Like, I can tell that, oh yeah, this is definitely for that purchase type of situation, or is it a completely… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): It's, it's pretty much gonna be the same as EDEs now, because there's no way to direct link tie it. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): People are gonna have to intentionally use, like, a memo field to say it was this supplier invoice, or this operational journal, or something like that. And it is another one of those things that somebody's gonna really have to verify, are they moving it off the right work tags? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): you know, reversing it off of there. Did they already reverse it? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah, kind of still the same pain, but hopefully, with the operational journal, that's going to eliminate some of the volume of that. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): I don't really know how many people move complete lines versus split lines. My thought is split lines is a little bit more, than full lines, but, you know, I don't really dig into those kind of details, so I don't know. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: I think current state… I think some of this will be solved in future state, with the direction that, like. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: their, you know, spend authority versus budget versus all of that stuff, so I think… and there's no budget checking. I think that prohibits a lot of these things getting to the right chart field at the beginning. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Because there's some sort of… they have to move money or whatever, you know. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: So I think that will solve a lot of those issues. However, grants, I'm sure, are… they may be a little bit different, and that's where the biggest… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: thing is where the professor only has, like, $50 left, and, you know, they didn't get the charge split correctly at the beginning, or there was a budget error, they had to, you know, move stuff, like, of course, budget error is a wrong… wrong thing to… to use there, but, Carrie Pridgeon-UF: they're closing out a grant, or whatever, and they have to reopen it, or whatever it is, so… and they have to use up that $50, or whatever. So that's… that's where it gets into those little, like, they're finishing out this stuff, and then it didn't get charged to that Carrie Pridgeon-UF: You know, grant for whatever reason, so that there's a lot of splits where that's… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: concern, but a lot of times it is… you're moving the entire thing. You're actually moving a bunch of them at the same time, so, Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: I don't know. That's unfortunate, though, that on the reporting side, that it's kind of same state. May want to talk to, Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Michelle Romero, and how that's gonna work with the reconciliation dashboard, too, because… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: But I know she had it linking in a specific way, just based on memos and notes or whatever, or reference fields, so… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah, and that'll definitely be something that Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): maybe it needs to be a little bit more than a recommendation that you need to put this in this field. It may need to be, even though it's freeform, we might need to say, you are required to put in the original Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): journal ID or, you know, something like that. But if people don't put it in, it could still fly through. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah, I mean, that's kind of how it is current state, right? Like, if you want to use the reconciliation dashboard to its fullest potential, like, you enter the stuff in correctly. But that's why in engineering, we centralized that operation. So, we had very few people entering, like. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: you know, putting it into the system. We had a lot of people submitting stuff to us, but we had very few people, like, entering it into the system, so… and that has served us well, and we've caught a lot of stuff and made sure it's appropriate and all that, so… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): We might find a lot of people will go back to that kind of an idea, because… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): that's the way it was before PeopleSoft, and, you know, once you got into PeopleSoft, you found that a lot of people said, oh, well, now I have to hire a bookkeeper to do that, now I need to, you know, do this, because people weren't prepared to think all the way through things. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): And to really fully utilize what this system can do, you do have to put things in right. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): people might think about centralizing in areas to keep to the consistency, and… and we are going to be so heavily dependent upon reporting, just like you said, for the Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): budget purposes only. If we're not stopping… if we're not giving them hard stops on control, they're going to have to really need to know that people are spending money in the right places, so those Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): those values have to be entered correctly so people can pull, you know, on the fly, this is what I've got right now. Oh, look, somebody just spent money this morning, you know. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yes. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Oh, yeah, it's gonna be, instead of it being, like, after the fact. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: well, it's still gonna be after the fact, but like, oh, yeah, we need to move this onto this project, it's gonna be, oh, we need to move this off, because they've overspent. So, it's gonna be the reverse problem, I think, you know? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): I think those cost center managers, the gift managers, those people, they're gonna have to really be on top of it. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): more than they are now. They're gonna have to be more proactive than reactive… Yeah. To keep themselves out of trouble. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): But I think our reports are going to be able to provide them with that information, they just have to use them. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yep. Brady Allred: So, Mickey… Do you know… who, Brady Allred: and maybe it's you guys, but who is the ones… who's in charge of deciding on those best practices that are not necessarily requisite in Workday right now, but, like, that memo, if we want to Brady Allred: we can make it requisite, but that definitely sounds like something we're gonna have to propel them. I think it can't just be… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Right, right. Well, I would say the finance core team would be the first ones to make those recommendations, because we're talking about a manual journal. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): And that would be all in… all in their wheelhouse, so I think they would be able to decide on, you know. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Brandon and the rest of the team here, you know, it might have to be pushed up and say, Laura, well, you agree to this type of thing, but I think it would start from our side to say, this is what we really want people to do every single time. Brandon Esposito: Yeah, we've encouraged the use of the memo, for sure. Brandon Esposito: And that's all the way, like, because the core office uses it. Like, general accounting uses, like, current state, they use that. Brandon Esposito: That's the way they tracked our journals, knowing that it's not going to be the same Brandon Esposito: lineup, though, it wasn't… Brandon Esposito: It wasn't a great turnover for that. They weren't very happy, but we said if you used a memo field as designed, it would be the same thing. Brandon Esposito: So… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah, that is true. Brandon Esposito: we can only push it as far as we can. I mean, because it's not a required field in Workday. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah, that's almost like… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Another thing… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Go ahead. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): I say another thing to consider, yeah, you just mentioned journal ID, is that Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): That was a way that people really helped define who and what, and since it's just a number these days, they're gonna have to still use Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): a field somewhere. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): have we talked about that external ID for manual journals? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Because I know that, like, in other areas, they're using it when there truly is a external reference, but for a manual journal, is there not an external reference? So… Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): I don't know. Brandon Esposito: Yeah, it's between that and a memo for, like, a manual. Brandon Esposito: It's just what's… whatever's gonna be easier. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Yeah. Brandon Esposito: What worries me with the external is, like you said, if they… if it's being used in other areas, or for other things, and someone gets confused, it could throw them off. Brady Allred: And the… With trainings and things like that, it's best to be… Brady Allred: You know, as clear as possible. Brady Allred: I think what I would then do Brady Allred: is I'll go through, I'll make The process into, Brady Allred: like a Word document, and I'll share it with you guys. Brady Allred: And then I'll want you to give your revisions and corrections, but I'd also want you to go through, Brady Allred: And the goal is to just have… I know there's not necessarily one way to do Brady Allred: Every… like, things have multiple ways to do… to happen. Brady Allred: But what we want to do is to give that As clear as possible. Brady Allred: A, B, C, D, and give them one way, and then if they decide on other ways that they can do it in the future, that's up to them, but Brady Allred: I, I would want that, Brady Allred: Here's exactly what you need to do, and here's exactly what Brady Allred: a why behind each thing. I would rely on you guys to help me come up with that, to include in the training, because that's gonna be their holdup for a lot of things, is Brady Allred: why? Why do I have to do this? That's… that's usually people's, pain point, is Brady Allred: I see this thing that's now really inconvenient for me to do. Brady Allred: Why? And I'll rely a lot on you to help me make those. Brady Allred: And then if there are things that have to go up, to, like, LoRa. Brady Allred: It might work best that we go through and we make the materials, and then I know Laura has Brady Allred: You know, 10 million things to do. Brady Allred: So, and then presenting it with her, to her, that she can then go back and say, change this if needed, but giving her as finished of a product as possible usually is what works out the best, I've seen with, extremely busy apartment studies. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Brandon, did Isabella tell us we had a lot of flexibility over the informational or hover over boxes and stuff text? Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): So I was just thinking, like, on the memo, can we put something in here, best practice, please put in something. Brandon Esposito: I can… I can ask again, I can follow up on that. I don't remember… I think we can. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Because I was thinking that as we're thinking about the materials, and even though we tell them this is what to do, it'd be nice to point out that, hey, you know. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Remember to hover over these things. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): For your additional hints, and… And if they see that in writing every time they look at it. Brandon Esposito: Yeah. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Maybe they'll actually do it. Brady Allred: Yeah, that's a question we've had in training, too, is what can we make in native into Workday as much as possible? We just haven't had access to Brady Allred: That kind of… Brady Allred: you know, we don't get in the system like you guys do yet, and I think that's coming for us in a different… Brady Allred: I mean… Training platform thing, but… Brady Allred: Yeah, things like that would be really helpful, too. Brady Allred: Alright. Brady Allred: Thank you guys so much. Is there… Brady Allred: Anything else that would be helpful to review or talk about? Brandon Esposito: Think so. Brady Allred: We've got a lot of good materials from you guys, so I'll do what I can in putting things together. Brady Allred: And then, Brandon, if you want to keep a pulse on these other… Brady Allred: Processes, and if… if the time comes that we're ready to record those. Brady Allred: I don't know how data gets staged or things like that, but if it does become available, it might be nice to go back and do those as well for Coral. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Sounds good. Brady Allred: And then at this point, I think… Brady Allred: you guys are in the clear, and the things are on my plate now for a minute, and then I'll meet with you to review, and we'll go from there. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Sounds good. Thank you, Brady. Brady Allred: Thank you. Brady Allred: We'll see you guys later. Mikki Hall (UFIT-ADI): Alright, bye. Brandon Esposito: everyone.