Brady Allred: Okay, now you're good. Brandon Esposito: Okay, thank you. Brandon Esposito: Alright, we're gonna start with an accounting journal… a manual accounting journal done by a departmental accountant. Brandon Esposito: And for this task, I will have to proxy in as the departmental accountant. I will proxy in as… Brandon Esposito: Mina? Brandon Esposito: What we will do is we will go up to the search bar, we will click Create Journal. Brandon Esposito: And we'll start in the ledger. We will… I will type in UFloor, or you can search it by the ledger. Brandon Esposito: And we will select the actuals ledger. Brandon Esposito: Counting date, we will just select today's date. Brandon Esposito: Journal source, we will select… Manual journal. Brandon Esposito: You can type it or select it. Brandon Esposito: We won't select Balancing Fund, and in the memo, I will just put… Test. Brandon Esposito: I don't know. Brandon Esposito: Click Continue. Brandon Esposito: And then from here, we will add the lines. We will have to add each line. Brandon Esposito: Item that's required, so we'll select… A Ledger account? Brandon Esposito: For this, I will select Materials and Supplies. Brandon Esposito: I will debit. Brandon Esposito: the amount… And then I will credit the same account, because… Brandon Esposito: We will just be moving between cost centers, so… I will go to… Gift? Brandon Esposito: So it'll route to the appropriate person. Brandon Esposito: Here, we will select a gift. Brandon Esposito: Oh. Brandon Esposito: And because GIFT is a driver work tag, it'll automatically populate the cost center. Brandon Esposito: And from here, we will have to add a spin category. Brandon Esposito: For this particular spin category, we'll do… Computer supplies. Brandon Esposito: You know what, Brady? I think I messed up already. Sorry. Brady Allred: No worries, no worries. Brady Allred: You're… you can start over if you like, or if you want to just go back to, redo, that's just fine too. Brandon Esposito: Let me see what happens when I… I don't think it's gonna do anything, because I have the same call center. Everything's the same. Brandon Esposito: I don't know if it'll let… Robin Levine: Can I jump in. Brandon Esposito: Yes. Robin Levine: You forgot the credit on the second line? Brandon Esposito: Perfect. Brady Allred: That is one question I was going to ask Brandon, how do they know, and this might just be me being ignorant, how do they know what Brady Allred: Which of these Entry places need to be populated, and which ones do not. Brandon Esposito: Oh, okay. Brandon Esposito: So, they will have to populate the Ledger account. Brandon Esposito: And you'll have to have a debit and a credit. Brandon Esposito: For the same amount, so it balances, so the journal balances. Robin Levine: The required work tags, also, some have an asterisk. Brandon Esposito: Yep. They don't all have an asterisk. Robin Levine: But we have configured it, we've created validations for required work tags, you'll get a… Robin Levine: A warning message if you try to submit without a required work tag. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brady Allred: That's awesome. Brandon Esposito: Robin, do you know if I can change the cost. Robin Levine: So, yes, now you can change the cost center. Robin Levine: The driver work tag brings in the associated cost center, but you can always go in and edit. Brandon Esposito: Oh, I don't think it's gonna let… Brandon Esposito: It's a little backwards. Brandon Esposito: And then from here, we're gonna submit and see… Brandon Esposito: If the journal goes to the next step. Brandon Esposito: Or if it gives me an error. Brandon Esposito: So it's giving me two hard errors, so it won't let me move forward. It's because I forgot to enter the program code, which is a requirement. Brandon Esposito: Even though it's not asterisked. Brandon Esposito: So… Here, I will just select… Brandon Esposito: RAM code on both. Brandon Esposito: And then I will resubmit. Brandon Esposito: And now we will click… now it's gone… now it's going through the approval process, so I will click the view details to show Brandon Esposito: Where it will go next, it needs to be approved, since it's a gift, it needs to be approved by the gift manager. Brandon Esposito: And what I will have to do here is I will have to proxy in as… The gift manager. Brady Allred: And this is a switch to a core office role, correct? Brandon Esposito: Correct. Brandon Esposito: This is where… Robin Levine: go back… Click the back button. Robin Levine: You're in the business process right now. Brandon Esposito: Yep. Robin Levine: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Oh, I went too far. Robin Levine: go up to your inbox Robin Levine: And the archive shows the last… Brandon Esposito: So why does it not show who the gift manager is? Brandon Esposito: I mean, I'm sure we know who it is, but how can we… Brandon Esposito: I thought I could see that here. I must have messed this all up. Robin Levine: That I'm not sure. Brandon Esposito: I wonder if it's James. Brandon Esposito: I might have to redo this whole process. Sorry, Brady. Brady Allred: No problem. It… I've… I've found that with recording these, the… the… Brady Allred: hardest part is… is getting, like, Workday Brady Allred: set up and configured, because all this data is staged, so no worries at all. Brandon Esposito: And I don't know who the gift manager is, it kind of stumps me, I probably shouldn't have used a gift on this one. Brady Allred: No worries. Brady Allred: If you… if you wanted to restart this process, with… with something other than a gift today, we can do that, or if you wanted to, Brady Allred: configure some things and figure it out, we can do it a different day, too. Brandon Esposito: Yep. Brandon Esposito: Alright, I'll start over. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brandon Esposito: Since I don't know where… alright, so I'll just go back. Brandon Esposito: I will start my proxy. Brandon Esposito: I will proxy in… as Mina… Robin Levine: Brandon, we can't see your screen. Brady Allred: I can see. Robin Levine: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's my fault. I'm sorry. Brandon Esposito: You're fucked. Brady Allred: No worries. Brandon Esposito: We're gonna go to search to create a journal. Brandon Esposito: Go. U-Floor? Brandon Esposito: We're gonna select today's date. Brandon Esposito: Journal source will be a manual journal. Brandon Esposito: And the memo, we are going to put… Test… Brady Allred: Brandon. Brandon Esposito: Yes. Brady Allred: Are they gonna know? So, there's entries for balancing fund, bank code. Brady Allred: Are they gonna know about those? Brandon Esposito: Okay, so… We don't need to use the book code. The book code is only for specific areas. Brandon Esposito: The balancing fund is only… Or… Robin Levine: Robin, I'm drawing a blank on this. I don't think we need the balancing fund unless it's interfund, correct? The balancing fund is used when you are, using different funds on different lines. Brady Allred: Perfect. Thank you. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Okay, so in here, we're gonna have to… Brandon Esposito: Input our ledger account, and for this, we'll use… Brandon Esposito: Materials and supplies, and we will enter a debit amount. Brandon Esposito: And we'll also… Enter a credit. Brandon Esposito: Or the same. Brandon Esposito: And we have to select, so we will select the designated. Brandon Esposito: And designated doesn't. Brandon Esposito: Does not appear to be set up. Brandon Esposito: Right now, so we'll have to enter the cost center. Brandon Esposito: We have to enter the program code. Brandon Esposito: And we have to enter… The spend category. Brandon Esposito: For this, we'll just use computer supplies. Brandon Esposito: And if there's any additional work tags, we would enter them here. Brandon Esposito: And select them. Brandon Esposito: But for this, we're just going to submit. Brandon Esposito: And now we're gonna click View Details. Brandon Esposito: To see that the approval needs to go to the cost center manager. Brandon Esposito: And we will have to proxy in as Hector, since he is the cost center manager. Brandon Esposito: We will have to go to my tasks for Hector. Brandon Esposito: And we will see it's the top one, the journal entered. Brandon Esposito: And from here is where it can be… it's reviewed. Brandon Esposito: For either approval, or you can send it back if there's an error, and you would just enter your comment here. Brandon Esposito: Prior to sending it back. Brandon Esposito: But at this point, we will just click Approve. Brandon Esposito: Now we see that it has to go to a CG. Brandon Esposito: accountant for a… Brandon Esposito: I've done a horrible job, I don't know. Robin Levine: I don't think this one's set up either, Brandon. Brady Allred: No, it means… Brady Allred: I was just gonna ask, so it needs to go, after the department unit enters and submits the journal, it goes to, Brady Allred: one… Costs… Brandon Esposito: Cost center manager, yeah. Brady Allred: manager, and then it goes to a CNG accountant for approval as well. Brandon Esposito: It shouldn't. It shouldn't. Brandon Esposito: Okay. It should have stopped at the cost center, that's what was throwing me off. Robin Levine: Yeah, this… Brady Allred: Okay, no worries. And if it's… if it's supposed to stop there and didn't, that's okay, I think. Does the… does the department unit, Brady Allred: Accountant need to do anything. Brady Allred: After that, or, like. Brandon Esposito: No. Brady Allred: approved through, their job is done. Brandon Esposito: Right, correct. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: then that… I think that's… that's totally fine, then. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Okay, so now I'm gonna shift to the… the central account… the accountant role. Brandon Esposito: Which is the core office. Brandon Esposito: And do the same process for a manual journal entry. Brandon Esposito: So what I will do here is I will have the proxy in as Brandon Esposito: An accountant in the core office, and that will be Robin. Brandon Esposito: Do the same thing, we're gonna search Create Journal. Brandon Esposito: And from here, we're gonna… Select you, Floor. Brandon Esposito: Select today's date. Brandon Esposito: Same thing with the journal source, we're gonna do Manual Journal. Brandon Esposito: Not use a balancing fund, and we will not use the book code. Brandon Esposito: And we'll click continue. Brandon Esposito: Here, we will also enter the ledger accounts. Brandon Esposito: I will do… Materials and supplies… Brandon Esposito: That's the debit, and materials and supplies, that's the credit. Brandon Esposito: And here we will… Use the… designated again. Brandon Esposito: Designated work tag. Brandon Esposito: We will select the cost center. Brandon Esposito: Program. Brandon Esposito: Short, thanks. Brandon Esposito: And we will enter a spend category. Brandon Esposito: Maybe we'll use computer supplies. Brandon Esposito: Here, we will click Submit. Brandon Esposito: So now, when we click, it's gonna go to the next approval, which will be Edlund. Brandon Esposito: So I will click View Details, and we will have to… Brandon Esposito: proxy in as Edeline to do the approval. Brandon Esposito: We will go to My Tasks. Brandon Esposito: We'll see the journal that was entered by Robin as the top. Brandon Esposito: And in this scenario, it's ready for approval, or if there's any errors or issues. Brandon Esposito: You can enter a comment and send it back. Brandon Esposito: Otherwise, this will be approved. Brandon Esposito: Okay, it looks like it's doing the same thing. Brady Allred: No worries. Brady Allred: I am curious, so, it goes from… Brady Allred: the department unit accountant to the cost center manager, and is that the same process for… like, it went from Robin, who's in core office, to Edelin? Brandon Esposito: That's not. Yeah. Brady Allred: Is her role, what is her role? Brandon Esposito: So I think in Workday, it's Accounting Operations, is that right? Robin Levine: accounting manager. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Robin Levine: If… because I am a departmental accountant, or I'm a core office accountant, it will go to the accounting manager in the core office. Brady Allred: Okay, so it always just goes up to the next… the next… Brandon Esposito: Correct. And it shouldn't go to the next… shouldn't go to CNG unless it's… Brady Allred: No worries. Brady Allred: Perfect. And the other question I had, what… there was, an entry for an external reference ID, Brady Allred: Do you know under what circumstances that would be used? Brandon Esposito: I do not. Robin Levine: the Excel. Brandon Esposito: I know. Robin Levine: The external reference ID is if you are, Robin Levine: Like, entering a journal that is… Robin Levine: Referencing a, let's say, a deposit, and we have, Robin Levine: a bank deposit ID number, or a check number, it's referencing some external information. Brady Allred: It just can tie in… it can tie that journal to that external. Robin Levine: ID. Brady Allred: There's a very specific set of circumstances as well. Robin Levine: It is, yes. You typically would not use that on a manual journal. Robin Levine: That's more for, like, our ad hoc banking, or… I believe. Brady Allred: Okay, sounds good. Brady Allred: Thank you, Brandon, that was great. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Thank you. Brandon Esposito: Okay, so the next task, we're going to do an accounting adjustment on a supplier invoice. Brandon Esposito: And what we will need to do is we will… Need to proxy in… As a departmental accountant. Brandon Esposito: So, I will… Proxy in as Mina again. Brandon Esposito: And from here, we're going to… Brandon Esposito: Oh, supplier invoices… Brandon Esposito: Search, we're gonna find supplier invoice. Brandon Esposito: And from here, we're gonna use ufloor as the company. Brandon Esposito: The supplier we're going to look up. Brandon Esposito: Apple? Brandon Esposito: Wild. Brandon Esposito: And no. Brandon Esposito: We're gonna search the supplier invoice, since we… Brandon Esposito: Back to January. Robin Levine: Next one down, Brandon. Brandon Esposito: Oh. Brandon Esposito: Thank you. Robin Levine: I don't think it's Apple. Brandon Esposito: It's not Apple? Brandon Esposito: Well, let's just try it without Apple. Brandon Esposito: did not work. Brady Allred: So when they're searching for supplier invoices using this, they can just enter all the information that they do have, and then it will populate results based on that. They don't need all the information to fill. Brandon Esposito: Correct. Correct. Brandon Esposito: If they know the supplier, they can search by the supplier. Brandon Esposito: It's not Apple. Brandon Esposito: Thought it was. Brandon Esposito: It's not. Robin Levine: Go down to payment status, and put paid. Robin Levine: And search it now, just wide open. Brandon Esposito: Go back, just wide open, okay. Robin Levine: Yeah. Robin Levine: And click on the… Yes. Brady Allred: Cool, so once it gets to the results page, you can filter by day's work tags as well. Brandon Esposito: Correct, yes. Brandon Esposito: And then from here, we're gonna search. Brandon Esposito: This actual supplier invoice. Brandon Esposito: And what we're gonna do here is we're gonna make a accounting adjustment Brandon Esposito: Wrong… clicked the wrong thing, sorry. Brandon Esposito: We're gonna click in Related Actions, we're gonna go down to Accounting. Brandon Esposito: And we're gonna select Adjust Accounting. Brandon Esposito: And then from here… Brandon Esposito: We are going to… Brandon Esposito: Change the… Spend category from computer supplies. Brandon Esposito: 2… Office supplies. Brandon Esposito: And then… Brandon Esposito: You will have to select a change reason, and the change reason will be a work tag change. Brandon Esposito: I will select that. Brandon Esposito: And as you can see, everything else stays the same. Brandon Esposito: And then you will submit. Brandon Esposito: Now we will check to see… Brandon Esposito: Yeah, the same one through. Brandon Esposito: I think I hit the button too soon. Brandon Esposito: So now, if we go back and we… Brandon Esposito: Go back into here… I think it's… Brandon Esposito: And select a supplier, we're not. Brady Allred: So at this point, you're trying to find it again. Brandon Esposito: Yes, to make sure that the accounting adjustment went through. Robin Levine: Ancient date. To date, Brandon. Brandon Esposito: My date. Robin Levine: Yes. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Still didn't work. Robin Levine: You can… you can search it up in your… your inbox. Brandon Esposito: Oh. Brandon Esposito: I think I'm still waiting, Emma, is it? Brandon Esposito: Yeah, it went to the approval for the CNG account again. Brady Allred: Whereas, normally, it would go… Brady Allred: To… it would just… it would just happen, it wouldn't need to be approved. Brandon Esposito: Should go to the cost center manager. Brandon Esposito: Is that right… is that right, Robin, or am I missing something here? Robin Levine: Yes, it's… I don't know. Brandon Esposito: All the way through. Robin Levine: Yeah, it next would go to the cost… either the cost center manager or the gift manager. Brandon Esposito: manager. Robin Levine: Or, yeah, something's configured That it's sending it to a CNG. Robin Levine: Forever. Brandon Esposito: thing, yeah. Robin Levine: Yeah. Brady Allred: But once it gets to that cost center manager, the process of approval will be the same as, create… like, the create journal and then process approval, where they just go there… Correct. Brandon Esposito: Inbox, and then… Brady Allred: Approve it, or deny it and send it back. Brandon Esposito: And then what I was gonna show is how it actually, like, what the accounting adjustment, you know, what it looked like once it was done. Brandon Esposito: It actually has a tab. Brandon Esposito: Which I can probably find a… Brandon Esposito: I can find one where it shows it, I don't know if that'll be helpful or not, Brady. Brady Allred: Yeah, that'd be great. Brandon Esposito: Wrong one. Brandon Esposito: Sorry. Brandon Esposito: Let me go back. Robin Levine: Okay. Robin Levine: Click, click the back button. Brandon Esposito: Oh, I keep forgetting. Robin Levine: Yeah, but I think at this point it's… Brandon Esposito: Yeah, now I gotta have to do it again, because I keep forgetting about the mag button. Brady Allred: things like that are good to note, I mean, for us, because if you forget. Brandon Esposito: Oh, yeah, for sure. Brady Allred: that, too. Brandon Esposito: Okay, so here's where I was talking about, Brady. We would see the accounting adjustment down in the actual supplier invoice. Brandon Esposito: Where the correction was made. Brandon Esposito: There's the higher spending category, computer supplies, the current, and then the change reason. Brady Allred: So there's a… there is a record there that shows adjustments were made. Brandon Esposito: Correct. Brandon Esposito: Hmm. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brady Allred: Thank God. Brandon Esposito: And this is gonna be the same process for core. Brandon Esposito: But I feel like it's gonna give me the same… Brady Allred: The same routing issue? Brady Allred: If it's the same, then we can just note that it's the same for core. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: I don't know. Brandon Esposito: Through what else I need to… Video… Brady Allred: Oh, we have… Accounting Journal Intercompany event? Brandon Esposito: Oh, boy. Brandon Esposito: You thought the other two were rough. Wait for this one. Brandon Esposito: And the intercompany event is gonna be core only. Brandon Esposito: I believe that's how it was configured. Brandon Esposito: So it won't be done at the department level. It'll only be done at the core office. Brandon Esposito: Nope, I can't. I'll have to… start as a… Brandon Esposito: As an accountant, I will have to proxy in as Robin. Brandon Esposito: And here, we're gonna create journal. Brandon Esposito: It will be a manual journal. Brandon Esposito: Use that, there will be no book code again, because… Brandon Esposito: Doesn't apply. Same thing with the balancing fund. Brandon Esposito: I'll click continue. Brandon Esposito: And then here, we will have to… Brandon Esposito: We're gonna have to change the company to make it an intercompany? Brandon Esposito: So here, we will add a different company. Brandon Esposito: We'll select… 4H… We'll use a Ledger account, we'll just… Brandon Esposito: I'll do materials and supplies. Brandon Esposito: Oh, boy. Robin Levine: No, I think it's… Brandon Esposito: Change it to Repairs and maintenance. Brandon Esposito: Since Floor H doesn't have materials and supplies… Brandon Esposito: Let's see… We'll give it a debit amount. Brandon Esposito: And a credit amount… Brandon Esposito: I'll have to select Cost Center. Brandon Esposito: We need to do a designated… not sure if this is gonna work. Brady Allred: This might be… Brady Allred: me just not knowing much about financial accounting again, but I've heard the term designated cost center and designated cost center. Brady Allred: Is there… A difference? Like, like, what's the distinction? Brandon Esposito: Oh, I think it might just be all running together. I don't think there's a design… is there a designated cost center? Brandon Esposito: I'm not aware of one. Robin Levine: Not that I'm aware of. Brandon Esposito: It might just be all running together, like when somebody says designated cost center, it might just be running together. Brady Allred: Sounds good. Brandon Esposito: We'll have to do a program. Robin Levine: Do repair and maintenance. Oh, you got it. Brandon Esposito: Oh. Brandon Esposito: Thanks, I was gonna do? Brandon Esposito: Excellent work. Brandon Esposito: And then this is where I'm forgetting. I think we have to add an intercompany… Brandon Esposito: I think this is where we're gonna have to do the balancing. I might have messed up earlier, I think we might have to select this. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Gonna submit, it should give me errors? Yep. Brandon Esposito: Okay, I don't recall that error. Brady Allred: So you expected that error to come. Brandon Esposito: I expected an error. I don't know if I expected this error to come. Brandon Esposito: I don't… Update the status of the ledger period for the journal entries of the company. Brandon Esposito: Oh, it's because 4H is on a different fiscal year. Brandon Esposito: So, let me change… the company… Brandon Esposito: So I think it's giving me the error because 4H is still in as a different fiscal year. Brandon Esposito: So… let's… Brandon Esposito: Okay, I might need to go back and retest this, because I feel like I'm missing something. Brady Allred: No worries. Brandon Esposito: But I'm not sure what… Oh, wait. Brandon Esposito: Is that what I'm missing? Brandon Esposito: I'll probably get it worse. Brandon Esposito: Yeah, sorry, Brady, I'm gonna have to recheck this. Brandon Esposito: And probably do this recording again. Brady Allred: That is fine. Brady Allred: Like I said, I think the workday itself has presented the biggest problems. Brady Allred: With these things. Brandon Esposito: Well, thanks, you're making me feel better. Brady Allred: No. Brady Allred: Definitely not… not you. It's… it's just been, you know, it's a new system, and… Brady Allred: You have to stage all this stuff, so if it doesn't fit, it doesn't fit. Brady Allred: And we can be flexible. Brady Allred: With that… The others are, Brady Allred: I'm posting a company event, and… Post-reverse event. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brady Allred: I think either of those are set up. Brandon Esposito: So… And Robin can chime in on this. I think the unpost we're not going to do? Brandon Esposito: But I haven't heard anything else on that. Brandon Esposito: Thought a decision was made that we will Brandon Esposito: Reverse, but we won't unpost a journal. Robin Levine: We can show a reverse. Brandon Esposito: Yeah, I can show reverse. Brady Allred: then I'll just make a note that this, unposts Brady Allred: Intercompany and unpost Reverse are not. Robin Levine: I don't know about intercompany, but, manual journals. Robin Levine: We will not use MCOS. Brandon Esposito: We'll use cancel, which… We can use cancel if it's not posted. Brandon Esposito: And reverse if it's been posted. Brandon Esposito: If that makes sense. Brady Allred: Yes. Brandon Esposito: He's already done. Brandon Esposito: Because they didn't post today. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Robin Levine: Take the… you have a period January, but accounting date. Brandon Esposito: Yeah, I just realized that. Brandon Esposito: Let me see, I don't think they noticed. Brandon Esposito: So they won't let me reverse, but here is where… Brandon Esposito: We can show, here's the cancel. Brandon Esposito: Brady, so this… since this hasn't… Brandon Esposito: Processed yet. We could cancel this. Brandon Esposito: Journal. Brady Allred: It's just in that Athens… Brandon Esposito: So you would go… you would go… I'll back up. We would go into Related Actions of that journal. Brandon Esposito: And then you go into the journal, and then under cancel, you would just click Cancel. Brady Allred: Awesome. Brandon Esposito: And it goes away. Brandon Esposito: And it asks, it asks if you want… are you sure you want to cancel this journal? Brandon Esposito: We could say, okay. Brandon Esposito: Journal shows as canceled. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brady Allred: And that's different than an unpost, because it hasn't been processed yet, so it's just, like, it… Brandon Esposito: It never happened. Brady Allred: Yeah, like, never. Yes. Okay. Correct. That makes sense. Brandon Esposito: And I think the issue with the post and unposts is if you post it. Brandon Esposito: Then you unpost it, I'm not sure, like, of the trail. Brady Allred: Yeah. I think that's why we stayed away from that. We'd rather go to, like, a. Brandon Esposito: Reverse it. Brady Allred: That makes sense. Brandon Esposito: And I'm trying to remember if I can find the reversal. Brandon Esposito: Would have to find a journal that's been posted. Brandon Esposito: And then here's the same scenario, we would click in Related Actions of the Posted Journal. Brandon Esposito: We would go to Journal, and we would click reverse. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brady Allred: Oh, are there limitations on who can reverse A, like, a specific posting. Brandon Esposito: I… Brandon Esposito: I don't think so. I would think the accountant role can reverse the journal, and I'm proxied in as Robin right now. Brandon Esposito: It could be that… These journals have already been reversed. Brandon Esposito: Yes, okay, so, sorry. Brandon Esposito: Kinda skipped ahead. Brandon Esposito: So here's where I… I did the same process. Brandon Esposito: I went into Related Actions of the Journal. Brandon Esposito: I selected the journal, and then click reverse. Brandon Esposito: And then from reverse, it says, are you sure you want to reverse this journal entry? And then we would click Submit. Brady Allred: Awesome. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Simple enough. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brady Allred: And then, is there an approval for that reversal? Brandon Esposito: It's a good question. Brandon Esposito: Let me see… Yes, it'll go to Edlund, it'll go to the accounting manager. Brady Allred: Awesome. Brandon Esposito: to be approved. Robin Levine: Because this was entered by a core accountant. Brandon Esposito: Yep. Brady Allred: Right, so if it were… Robin Levine: Follow this same routing approval as. Brandon Esposito: As a manual journal. Robin Levine: Yes. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Awesome, thank you so much. Brandon Esposito: Sure, and here it is in Edlund's queue, it's in her My Tasks. Brandon Esposito: To approve the reversal? Brandon Esposito: And then we would click it. Brandon Esposito: Our approval? Brandon Esposito: Let's see where it goes next. Brandon Esposito: Oh, this one went all the way through. So when we see the green check mark, that means everything is successfully completed. It's gone all the way through. Brady Allred: Awesome. Brady Allred: That's good to know. So a lot of this is… it's all… I mean, it makes sense, it's all journal-related. Brandon Esposito: Correct. Brady Allred: But it does seem… Brady Allred: Intuitive in the sense that, like, it goes through that same flow and process of approval, submission, and… Brady Allred: Waiting for that… that checkmark. Okay. Brandon Esposito: Yes. Brady Allred: Alrighty. Okay. I know you've got your meeting here in 2 minutes. Brandon Esposito: It's okay. Brady Allred: Thank you so much for going through these, the ones that we've been able to. I'm sorry. Brandon Esposito: No, thank you, I'm sorry for all the issues. Brady Allred: No, no, it's all good, it happens. Brady Allred: Okay. And we can plan to… Brady Allred: keep moving through, I think the next time we meet is… Brady Allred: Oh, we do have an hour. Brandon Esposito: We have time. Brady Allred: tomorrow. Brandon Esposito: Yeah. Brady Allred: Yeah. Brady Allred: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Can I stop sharing? Brady Allred: Yeah, yeah, you're good. Brandon Esposito: Great. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brady Allred: Thank you so much. Brandon Esposito: Thank you so much, Brady. I appreciate it. Brady Allred: We'll see you tomorrow. Brandon Esposito: Yes, sir. Thank you. Brady Allred: Bye. Brandon Esposito: Bye.