Brady Allred: Please do not rely on these statements. Workday assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements, and any unreleased services features mentioned are subject to change or may not be delivered, so purchase decisions should be based on services and features currently available. Brady Allred: This meeting is also being recorded. Brady Allred: And, yes, thank you, Ari. Brady Allred: And I have included a PDF of the slide presentation in the chat. We ask that you don't, distribute that. Brady Allred: Outside of this session. Brady Allred: But, welcome to this Customer Confirmation Session 2 for Financial Accounting. We'll be demonstrating additional Workday business processes. Brady Allred: And I'm going to go ahead and share the agenda for today. Brady Allred: So, I'll give us a brief introduction of our financial accounting team, along with a session overview and objectives. At that point, I'm going to kick it off, or hand it off to Maya, who's going to lead us through the Brady Allred: intro material and our demonstrations. There's going to be a Q&A after each demonstration. Brady Allred: But feel free to put your questions in the chat, and I will… Brady Allred: Record them and make sure they're addressed during the Q&A portions. Brady Allred: So, brief introductions. We'd like to introduce and thank Laura Ling, our UF Fin Workstream Lead, as well as Anna Meyer Ruiz, our UF Core Fin Lead. Brady Allred: And Maya Palavistra, our UF Finn Accounting GL lead, and then Robin… Robin Levine and Mickey Hall, our UF Finn Accounting GL Support Team. Brady Allred: So, just some expectations to kick us off. Today is a time to confirm configuration that has been added to the tenant since the design sessions. It is a demonstration of functionality in the future state. It is not a time for redesign, not a time to validate Brady Allred: the UF data, and not end-user training. Brady Allred: We'd also like to ask you to remember the seven pillars should be at the forefront of today's session as you digest the configuration and consider what it means for OneUF Vision. Brady Allred: And remind you that your role is to collaborate with the financial accounting team in representing 1UF to resolve concerns, be adaptable to, and achieve the 1UF vision, actively listen to the demonstration, and hold your questions until the Q&A of each demonstration. Once again, feel free to put them in the chat, and I'll make sure they're addressed during the Q&A portion. Brady Allred: And with that, I'll turn the time over to Maya. Maja Palavestra: Good morning, everyone. Maja Palavestra: So, let's begin with, kind of, a refresher slide… refresher slide from CCS, one session. Maja Palavestra: So, what does financial accounting in Workday include? It includes general ledger, processing journals, and handling intercompany transactions, which are all of the functionalities that are used to ensure that our financial data is accurately recorded and reported. Maja Palavestra: We'll also have the opportunity to, define our period, period end and year end close. Maja Palavestra: in Workday by utilizing the period end business process and completing the to-do steps within the business process. We will dive deeper into the period end close later in this presentation. Maja Palavestra: On the reporting side, we will be creating and analyzing reports that can help us understand our financial performance. Maja Palavestra: Next slide, please. Maja Palavestra: So, our first topic of the day is going to be Accounting Journal, EIB, which is an Accounting Journal upload. Maja Palavestra: Next slide. Maja Palavestra: So here, on this slide, we have a side-by-side comparison of PeopleSoft and Workday when it comes to the accounting journal upload. Maja Palavestra: In PeopleSoft, the end users populate the Excel template, which is then converted into the .txt file and uploaded in… uploaded into PeopleSoft. Maja Palavestra: Similar to that in Workday, Workday refers to the journal upload as EIB, and it uses an Excel-based template to populate the data. Maja Palavestra: The only difference is that the data is then not converted into another format, it is loaded directly into Workday. Maja Palavestra: In current state, template allows us… the template allows us to create one single journal per template. In Workday, we'll have the opportunity to create Maja Palavestra: Multiple journals on one template, or create a single journal with multiple journal lines. Maja Palavestra: In current state, if there is a missing Maja Palavestra: or invalid information on the template, the user will receive an error that the journal failed to load. Similar to that in Workday. Maja Palavestra: Workday has the functionality called, Validate Only Mode, where the system can check for Workday-delivered errors before journal is loaded. Maja Palavestra: And in PeopleSoft, there is a step that is done after the journal is created, where the end user has to submit the actual journal. We will follow kind of the same, similar process in Workday, where Maja Palavestra: After the journal is, Maja Palavestra: Created, the end user will submit the journal in order to kick off the business process and the approval steps within the business process. Maja Palavestra: Next, slide, please. Maja Palavestra: So this slide shows some of the key terms regarding the journal upload. A refresher from the CCS1 session is that we have two types of journal in Workday. We have operational journals and accounting journals. Maja Palavestra: We can create journals by either using a user interface, or we can create journals using the EIB, which is the journal upload. Maja Palavestra: There are many types of EIBs in Workday, and there are many types of EIBs, even related to financial accounting, but for today's demo, we'll focus on the user-specific EIB, which is the journal upload. Maja Palavestra: There are two ways to load the EIB, which is the validation mode and the normal mode. When the validation mode is used, the system will check for Workday-delivered errors before the journal is created. Maja Palavestra: If there are no errors, the end user can load the journal in normal mode. In today's demo, we'll be able to see the functionality of the validation mode and the normal mode. Maja Palavestra: Something to note is that there are several reports that can also be used to help the end user populate the Excel template. Maja Palavestra: Next slide, please. Maja Palavestra: Next slide. Maja Palavestra: So, Maja Palavestra: There are… Preeti, I think you may have missed the slide that talks about the proposed accounting journal EIB process. Yep, that one. Maja Palavestra: There are two components of the EIB processing. The first is the setup that happens centrally, and the second part is the end user actually filling out the template, loading it in Workday, and submitting it for approval. Maja Palavestra: For today's session, we will be focusing on the second part, which is, you know, the end user, Maja Palavestra: part. Maja Palavestra: In future state, we do envision the EIB templates to be published on our website, where the end user can go, download the template, and populate it. Maja Palavestra: After loading the journal in Workday, as I mentioned earlier, the end user will need to actually submit it in order to start off the business process. Maja Palavestra: Workday has… delivers two options, where the journal can either auto-submit, or the second option, the user finding the journal and submitting it for approvals. Maja Palavestra: During our design, we have chosen the second options, because we think it is better for our business needs, because if the journal requires Maja Palavestra: Any editing, if the journal requires, an attachment, like a backup attachment. Maja Palavestra: Then the second process would work best, where the user would have to find the journal, attach the backup, or make any changes, and then submit the journal for approval. Maja Palavestra: And we can go to the next slide, please. Maja Palavestra: Okay, so our first demo of the day is going to be actually… sorry, Brady. Maja Palavestra: Yep. It's going to be creating and uploading the accounting journal EIB. We'll take a look at the template. We'll take a look at the data validation and the upload process. Maja Palavestra: For most of the demo, I will be proxying in as Mina, who has the role of the departmental accountant, which would be the end user who would be filling out the template, uploading it, and submitting it. We'll also take a look at the useful reports Maja Palavestra: when it comes to, filling out the journal EIP. Maja Palavestra: I can take over now and share my screen. Maja Palavestra: And we can start the demo. Maja Palavestra: you should now be able to see the Excel journal, the Excel file. Maja Palavestra: Okay. Maja Palavestra: So this is how the journal template looks like. Maja Palavestra: You'll notice here, there's two tabs on this tab, on the template. The first tab represents our journal header, the second tab is our journal lines. Maja Palavestra: The first thing that we can take a look is column B, Maja Palavestra: On the first tab are columns B and C on the second tab. Maja Palavestra: What column B represents is the number of journals that we are doing in a template. So, if we have number 1 here, this means that we are doing one journal. If we were doing multiple journals per template, our second journal… second journal header would be listed here, and it would start with 2. Maja Palavestra: Kinda to match that, on the second tab. Maja Palavestra: we can… we carry over the header key, which means that our journal is… our journal lines are all part of the one journal header. So this header key number is going to carry here, and then here are going to be our journal lines. Maja Palavestra: The rest on the journal header here, we're also going to have our company, which is ufloor for my journal, ledger type. Maja Palavestra: Accounting date, journal source, and, the memo. Maja Palavestra: And then we, on the second tab, we will have everything that we will include on the journal lines. Maja Palavestra: If I go in Workday, I can show you kind of visual as to what matches to what when we are creating a journal. If I go to try to create journal. Maja Palavestra: So, this is my journal header. This is the first tab of the journal EIB. For example, I am going to, use, Maja Palavestra: You floor actuals, This is the accounting date from the journal header. Journal source is going to be manual. Maja Palavestra: And if I say continue, this is going to bring me to my journal lines, which is going to be the second tab of the EIB. Maja Palavestra: When it… when somebody is doing a journal, accounting journal. Maja Palavestra: through user interface without the EIB. Maja Palavestra: If we input a gift or grant, right? For example, if we input a gift here. Maja Palavestra: The related work tags associated with this gift will auto-populate, right? Maja Palavestra: So that is not going to happen when somebody is doing a journal upload. So the end user will need to understand and know what are the related work tags. That's where our useful reports Maja Palavestra: come in, and I want… before we go through the template, I wanted to show you first some of the reports that can be used when populating a template. Maja Palavestra: The first report is going to be FDM Reference Report for Great Gifts, because I do have a gift on my journal. Maja Palavestra: My gift is, if I look here. Maja Palavestra: I have a gift of, that ends in 0, 4. Maja Palavestra: And I can say OK here. Maja Palavestra: This report is going to give me the related work tags associated with this gift. It's going to give me the fund, the cost center. Maja Palavestra: and everything that I need. Maja Palavestra: In order to populate my EIB template correctly. So that's the first report. Maja Palavestra: The second report is that if you notice Maja Palavestra: on the journal lines, it will reference a lot of something called the reference ID, gift reference ID, Maja Palavestra: External reference ID. Everything in Workday has a reference ID associated with it, every object. Maja Palavestra: Our design approach is to make the reference ID same as the values. So, for example, gift 004 would have the reference ID of 0004. Sometimes, it may happen that the end user receives an error saying. Maja Palavestra: the reference ID is invalid. Maja Palavestra: There is a way, there is a report in Workday that is very useful, which can show what reference ID is associated with your value, and the report is called View Reference Maja Palavestra: Reference IDs. Maja Palavestra: Oops, I should have chosen the first… one second. Maja Palavestra: Okay, so my business object, let's say we're looking for a gift. Maja Palavestra: So, I know that I have a gift of 0004, and my gift reference ID is also, GF0004. So, this is just, Maja Palavestra: if there is an error that says that your reference ID is not correct for a certain value, this is a great report to use to cross-check and get the correct reference ID. Maja Palavestra: And the last report that I wanted to show is the… Our account posting rules report. Maja Palavestra: So, on my… template. I have a spend category of SC0140. Maja Palavestra: I can use this report in order to understand What is the, Maja Palavestra: Ledger account that can be used. Maja Palavestra: For… with this… with this spend category. Maja Palavestra: So that spent category is computer supplies, and this is the ledger account, right, that can be used with that spend category, which is the ledger account that I have right here. So those are just kind of some of the reports, main reports. Maja Palavestra: That can come in very handy when someone is filling out the, the template. Maja Palavestra: Now we can start, we can take a look at the template load process. I will be proxying in as Mina. Maja Palavestra: Okay. In order to load the template or start the process, we would have to, start a task that's called launch or schedule integration. Maja Palavestra: based on someone's security, that person will have here the list of integrations that they have access to, and Mina has access to import accounting journal EIB, which is what we are looking for. Under the organization, we need to input our company or component unit, and it would be UFLOR for this demo. Maja Palavestra: And we can then say, okay. Maja Palavestra: This brings us to the schedule integration screen. This is the screen where we are going to attach our template, we are going to validate our template. Maja Palavestra: And in order to attach template, we will come here to this value, and we're going to create, integration attachment. Maja Palavestra: This is my template. Maja Palavestra: I will say okay. Maja Palavestra: Now, this brings me down to the bottom where it says Validate Only Load. I will click that first in order for the system to check for Workday delivered errors. Maja Palavestra: This is checking for… when I say workday delivered errors, I would mean something if the debits and credits are not in balance. This checks for workday errors, it doesn't check for our, custom validation, errors that are specific to our organization. Maja Palavestra: I'm gonna say OK, and this brings… the background process has kicked off. Maja Palavestra: We will have to press the refresh button several times until this shows as complete. Maja Palavestra: The system is now checking our template, for accuracy. Maja Palavestra: My status has completed, and if I look down on the bottom, it says Maja Palavestra: Validation-only mode, all records are loaded successfully. This did not now create a journal. I need to go back and do the same process without the validation mode in order for journal to be created. Maja Palavestra: So, I can go back here off the related actions. Maja Palavestra: And I can relaunch my integration event. Maja Palavestra: my file stays here, it is saved. I am going to uncheck the validate-only load, and I'm going to say OK, so now we should cut… this should… we should get the same success message, and the journal should be created after that, so we'll see what happens. Maja Palavestra: Okay, it says Excels all records loaded successfully. So now our journal is created. Maja Palavestra: As we mentioned earlier, the end user needs to find the journal and submit it for approval, attach any attachments if there need to be attachments, and so forth. So, there's a few ways we can find a journal, but we'll do it by using the Find Journal report. Maja Palavestra: We know our journal was on your floor as company. Maja Palavestra: And we know we… Maja Palavestra: we were proxying in as Mina, so Mina was the one who originated the journal, and we can take a look and see what we… there should be several, Maja Palavestra: journals here from testing, but this is the journal that I did as part of my… as… this was my template. You'll notice here that this journal doesn't have a journal number. It is because we haven't submitted the journal for approval. We need to… we can take a look here at this journal now and see Maja Palavestra: So we can see it's originated by MENA. We have our accounting date from our, the first Maja Palavestra: tab of the Excel template. This is the journal header. These are all of our journal lines. Maja Palavestra: We can now just submit the journal, or if we go off the Related Actions under Journal, and then under Edit, there are several options that Maja Palavestra: Here before the journal is submitted. Maja Palavestra: if we… Maja Palavestra: If we think that maybe, you know, I used the wrong ledger account or spend category on one of the journal lines, I can fix it here. I have the opportunity to go to the attachments tab. If the journal requires an attachment, I can include the attachment here, and then submit it. Maja Palavestra: So I can now submit the journal, I don't need to correct anything, and I'm not going to be attaching a backup for this demo. Maja Palavestra: So, Mina, we've now submitted the journal, it has kicked off the business process. Maja Palavestra: under our task, we should be able now to see where the journal is in the business process, and who needs to approve it. This is the journal that we just submitted. Maja Palavestra: Under the process tab here, we can see here that this step has completed. If I scroll down. Maja Palavestra: I can see that my journal is evading approval from James, who is the gift manager on the gift that was on my journal. So I'll proxy in as, James. Maja Palavestra: And if I go in, Maja Palavestra: James's task. This journal is right here. Maja Palavestra: And let's say James is going to approve it. Maja Palavestra: Okay, we can view the details now to see if there's any additional approvals. No additional approvals are needed. This green checkmark right here gives us an indication that the journal has gone through all of the approvals, and it is now posted. Maja Palavestra: So that would be… Maja Palavestra: kind of the summary, the process of the, journal upload. I'm going to stop the share and… Maja Palavestra: Open for any questions. Brady Allred: Did have a couple questions that came in earlier. Brady Allred: Julie Wang asked, can we name the journal ID, or journal ID, or the journal ID is system generated? Robin answered, the journal ID is system generated based on a sequence we have defined. Users can leverage the memo field on journals to add additional journal detail if needed to label journals. Brady Allred: I don't know if that means any more addressing. Brady Allred: I think we're good there. Brady Allred: Then James asked, can you enter an EIB without the general ledger account, i.e, will it derive the ledger if you enter only a revenue spend category? Brady Allred: I believe that was also just answered by Robin. Brady Allred: No, this upload is for Manual Journal, which is not driven by account posting rules, as are posted operational transactions. The report Maya showed just ensures we are using valid combinations of data. Brady Allred: WD will trigger an error through that same… through that. The SCRC ledger combo is not valid if the journal is loaded, and it is not in line with our APRs once loaded. Brady Allred: Barbara asks, can you show us what an error may look like? Maja Palavestra: Yes. Maja Palavestra: Hmm, give me a second. Maja Palavestra: I can… I will share my screen, and we can go through that. Maja Palavestra: So, we can take a look at what we say… an error that we can get in the validate-only mode. So, let's say, for example, I… Maja Palavestra: my debits and credits are not going to be in balance. I'm going to put 50 here. Maja Palavestra: And if I go back into Workday. Maja Palavestra: One second, I am going to go in back as Mina. Maja Palavestra: We are going to launch the, schedule integration task. Maja Palavestra: And we'll… kind of go through the same steps here. We're going to input our company. Maja Palavestra: Okay, we're going to attach the file. Maja Palavestra: And we're going to have Workday validated. Maja Palavestra: So, we'll click here, and say OK. Maja Palavestra: Oh, it says… I don't know if my messages… if I saved my… Let's see if I saved… Maja Palavestra: I say… let me try again. I wonder if I… if I… Laura Ling: the file that was attached to the journal? Or is it still using the old file? Maja Palavestra: I reattached it, so it should have used the new file, so let me… Let me look here… Maja Palavestra: I'm going to take this out. Maja Palavestra: Let's see… Maja Palavestra: Okay. Maja Palavestra: Well, I don't know. We'll have to take that back as a takeaway, because it should have picked up the debits and credits not being equal. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): I think it's still picking up an older file, because that one says 6 o'clock in the morning, 6.29 AM. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): Filed. Maja Palavestra: That's, I think. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): downloaded the EIB? Maja Palavestra: Here, I think that's picking up West Coast time. Maja Palavestra: So it would be still… yeah. Maja Palavestra: we will have to take that… have that as a takeaway, and talk to, Isabella, and I can… we can get back to you on that one. Brady Allred: All right, the next question comes from Brady Allred: Patricia, can you require backup slash support to be added, for manual journal entries? Maja Palavestra: So, currently, as part of our custom validations, there's certain, like, if there is a grant tagged on the journal, backup is required. So, depending on… we can take that into consideration. We already have a few custom validations, depending on which work tags are used. Maja Palavestra: On the manual journal that require backup to be attached to the journals. Laura Ling: Maya, is that, validation company-specific? Laura Ling: Because we could have a different validation rule for a different company, correct? Maja Palavestra: Correct. Correct. Maja Palavestra: This one is UFloor-specific. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: We also have a question from Hector, which has garnered a lot of discussion. Is there really no other way other than pressing the refresh multiple times until completion? I feel that this may lead to a false sense of completion. If users click the refresh once, the clicking multiple times is not intuitive. Brady Allred: This may have already been answered. Brady Allred: Yes. So, Laura says, I think the performance should match better in our operational tenants, so the processing time should be shorter. Robin indicates refresh is the best way to see that Workday is working through the load, regardless of the end user clicking refresh, Workday will be loading. Brady Allred: in the EIB in the background of your work, so you can technically let Workday load the EIB without hitting refresh. Brady Allred: And then… Brady Allred: Next, George Kolb asks, is the validate-only step actually required, or will a user receive an error if they proceed with the next step? Maja Palavestra: The user will not receive an error, but it's highly recommended to always use validate-only mode first. Brady Allred: Are there any other questions? Brady Allred: Feel free to ask them out loud at this point, too. Laura Ling: So if it didn't give… if we… Laura Ling: If we put an error, or if we had an error in the journal, and we tried to upload it without doing the validate. Laura Ling: Would it… When would… when would it error out? And when would we know that it errored out? Maja Palavestra: When, when you go to find the journal and submit it, then it would… you would receive the error. Maja Palavestra: We should see the Erdin, and I'm trying something right now. Laura Ling: Do you want to share your screen, Matt? Laura Ling: The journal that we just tried to create with. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): We can also, Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): We can also go in and add an error later on, and include it in our deck, so you can see how an error looks like, if this, like, if we are… continue having errors, issues with this one in particular. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: I think we need to understand what those errors look like so that we can troubleshoot Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: In real time, rather than waiting. Tiffany Schmidt|UF Research: So, if I understand it correctly, if you don't go through that validate-only step. Tiffany Schmidt|UF Research: it essentially won't let you submit the journal with errors, right? The journal has errors, it just doesn't show you immediately until you go to that submit step, and it says, no, no, you can't submit this, this journal has errors at that point. Maja Palavestra: Yes. Yes. Tiffany Schmidt|UF Research: Okay. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Okay, so following up with that. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Question, if we just load them, because we have a bunch of journals that we're trying to load. Maja Palavestra: Can we load them and then go into the list later to see what the results are, and then pull out the errors? Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: That way? Maja Palavestra: So, depending what are the errors, right? If the errors are the errors that are failing into validate mode, like, where they delivered errors, that it's not going to create a journal. Maja Palavestra: If the errors are errors that are specific to our organization, like our custom validations, then the journal will be in the created status, and when you try to submit it, you will see the list of the errors that are related to our specific organization-specific custom validations. Maja Palavestra: So I… I think the answer to your question is, it depends what is the error. Laura Ling: Remember, Barbara, you can submit multiple journals with one EIB. Maja Palavestra: You can. Laura Ling: You could put all your journals in one file, validate it, it would weed out some of the errors. Laura Ling: And then it would submit it, and then you would see them, popping through the errors that we're specifically looking for. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Right. Laura Ling: I see what you're saying, because if you're loading 20 files, you don't want to validate each one and then resubmit each one. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Right. But when you… you just showed us an example where the journal wasn't really created yet. There was a validation that happened, but then you went in and showed us a. Maja Palavestra: Submitted? Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: wasn't a… Journal ID, is that correct? Maja Palavestra: Yes. And so, could we go there to see that a journal ID hasn't been created yet, so then… Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Then we would do another step. Maja Palavestra: Oh, hang on, I'm trying to… so… Maja Palavestra: If the journal ID is not created, the journal hasn't been submitted yet, right? You can still edit it, you can make changes to it, you can attach the backup. Right, so in that screen, we can go in and look and make edits and update and validate. Yes. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Chew. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: And then move forward. Well, you can make edits, but it's not going to do validate. Maja Palavestra: It's not going to do the validation for you until you try to, like. Maja Palavestra: It's not… like, when you try to submit it, then you're going to get, like, the list of errors, if you have it, but you can edit it. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Okay. Yeah, I'm… I mean, I'm… of course, I am doing this. I'm translating what we're doing now, which, Hector, we hit refresh Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: As a habit when we're trying to upload these journals now, so doing it in the future is just gonna be, Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: familiar to us, but when we do… when we go through and look at the message log, because there was an error, or it didn't work, it usually tells us, and then we have to go to the log to see. So from that, that is actually translating Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: to what we do now, pretty intuitively, I think I just want to… Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: when we're doing a bunch of them, I think many people are going to want to skip a step just so that they can get Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: a list so that they can see and troubleshoot, you know what I mean? Maja Palavestra: I think the answer to your question is, if you skip the validate-only mode, and if you try to load the journal, you're just going to get the error… the workday-delivered errors listed right then, right? So, it's still not going to let you create the journal. Maja Palavestra: But, so, kind of, the validate-only mode is, like, kind of, like, the first… Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Like, he's not… Maja Palavestra: And, like, know your errors before you submit it. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Yeah, so… so you guys will give us the workday delivered, what Workday will look. Maja Palavestra: Yes, yes. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: provide us that information so that we can make sure that those steps are covered, so that when we go. Maja Palavestra: Correct. Okay. Yes. Yeah. And then the other part would be, like, the second check would be when you try to submit a journal, it's going to look for our custom validations, like, do you have. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Funny. Maja Palavestra: Is your, like, are your related work tags correct, let's say, right? Are you using correct work tags, like, associated with that gift ID? Which is then where the reports that I was showing would come… would be useful. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Okay. Maja Palavestra: And we can provide, like, educational reference. What are the examples of work they delivered, right, errors? What are the examples of the errors that you can… you may get when you're trying to submit a journal? So we can kind of… Maja Palavestra: Provide, you know, some, like, in writing, what would be… what would be one, what would be the other kind of error. Brady Allred: Does that answer your question, Barbara? Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: I'm… I just… I want to see… I want to see where it's broke, right? I want to see an error and see what we would do to troubleshoot it. So, I'll just… more to come. Is that what… is that what I can just wait and see for another example, another presentation to show us those? Laura Ling: Maya, the file that you created that wasn't balancing, has it gone into Workday? Can we take a look at it? Like, if we tried to submit it right now, it should give us an error. Maja Palavestra: Let's… yeah, let's see, because I think I didn't… I didn't even create it, it's still invalidates, so let me… let me go back and sh… one second. Laura Ling: Let's do the next step and see what that. Maja Palavestra: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So this was now validate only, so let's now try to see, okay, if we go to… Maja Palavestra: Here. Maja Palavestra: I'm going to keep it here. Maja Palavestra: And I'm going to take our validate. Maja Palavestra: And let's see what happens. Maja Palavestra: And then when we try to find the journal and submit. Maja Palavestra: Maybe it shows up here now. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Yeah, because currently, when we… when we upload a journal, it'll upload the journal without balancing, right? Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: So then we have to go in and change. Robin Levine: Maya, if you remove… remove the ledger account from one of the lines, it will give you the error. Maja Palavestra: So let's try then, then, baby. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): Give me just one second, let me… do you mind if I share my screen? Maja Palavestra: I'll stop the share. Laura Ling: Thanks, everyone, for being patient. Obviously, we're still building this, so… Laura Ling: Things aren't always gonna go as planned. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): Okay, so here we have one where we have an error. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): And see report for details. Joseph, Isabella: And if you scroll to the top. Joseph, Isabella: Top left, where it says number of errors, it says number 1 in blue. Yep, click on that. Joseph, Isabella: right here, Barbara, is, like, one example of the self-explanatory delivered error that comes from Workday. So hopefully it's in, like, language that end users can understand. So it's telling us, hey, you forgot to put a ledger on one of the lines. So the delivered errors in Workday, in theory, should be really Joseph, Isabella: easy to understand, and they check for things exactly like Maya and Anna said, that come out of the box from Workday. A missing required work tag, an unbalanced journal, but Maya's doing too well, so Workday's not understanding its error right now, and things like that. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): Here tells you the… which, line item, and if you have multiple journals, which journal it is. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): So you can go in and look for it. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: And that… that's exactly what I wanted to see. Yep. Joseph, Isabella: And if you had more than one journal, you could, you know, in theory, spit this out in Excel, right? And then it would tell you, kind of, Excel coordinates of where to go hunt down the errors in your file. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Okay. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Yeah, it's all just on that one page, so we're not clicking around to other things to see. I think that's what I was trying to see, what we would be troubleshooting, trying to figure out. Okay. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Thank you. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): Okay. Brady Allred: All right. If… if that's all the questions for this demo, we'll go ahead and move on. Brady Allred: to Number 2. Maja Palavestra: So, for demo number two, we'll take a look at the close process, we'll take a look at the period end close, how, facilitated in Workday. We can move on to the next slide. Maja Palavestra: So again, here is kind of side-by-side comparison of period and close in PeopleSoft compared to Future State. So in current state, the close activities are tracked outside of PeopleSoft, mostly through email. Maja Palavestra: Utilizing the closed checklist for tracking of the closed activities. Maja Palavestra: In future state, many month-end and year-end activities will be tracked in Word Day by utilizing the… utilizing the period close Maja Palavestra: business process, and completing the steps within the business process. We will still need to keep the Excel tracker outside of Workday for additional details. Maja Palavestra: The key difference will be that Workday gives us an inbox tasks, notifications, and reporting features within one platform. Maja Palavestra: In current state, end users communicate the status of their tasks through email, and in Workday, by using the period closed business process, we hope to have a better and more clear visibility into the status of certain closed activities. Maja Palavestra: And in current state, our period close is done incrementally, and very similar to that, they will stay the same in future state, where we'll use something called period activity groups to organize and control the close process. Maja Palavestra: Next slide, please. Maja Palavestra: So, in our session today, we will focus on the month-end close, business process, and ledger period close. Maja Palavestra: The BP includes a list of period close tasks that are assigned to end users, and the BP issues notifications to end users to complete certain… those tasks. Maja Palavestra: Closing the ledger is the formal process of closing the period while ensuring that all adjustments and entries are completed. Maja Palavestra: On the bottom of the slide, we included our initial recommendation on managing period close. Maja Palavestra: Due to their unique activities, we recommend then the foundation and the athletics component units manage their own clothes, and for the other component units to be managed centrally. Maja Palavestra: This approach will make the close process more effective, because athletics and foundation-specific steps would only appear for those component units, and wouldn't interfere with you floor close. Maja Palavestra: Something that we will be working on defining prior to end-to-end testing are specific calendar dates for close process, while keeping in mind that our primary aim is to initiate the close process as close to month-end as possible. Maja Palavestra: Can we go to the next slide, please? Maja Palavestra: So on this slide, we have some of the Workday, terminology regarding the closed process. Maja Palavestra: Something to note on the BP, on the closed BP in Workday, instead of the approval steps for the class process, they're to-do steps. Maja Palavestra: If the close process to-do step is assigned to someone, in addition to completing that step, the person needs to mark it as completed in order for the BP to move forward to the next step. Maja Palavestra: Period close activity groups help us organize the close process to create incremental close. Maja Palavestra: And we get to control the ledger period status and show whether the period is in open, closed, or closed in progress status. Maja Palavestra: We can go to the next slide, please. Maja Palavestra: So, for our demo today, we'll take a look at our period closed business process as of today. We'll take a look at a few of the tasks within the period Maja Palavestra: closed BP, and some of the period closed reports that can be very… that can be useful for trying to understand Maja Palavestra: Where you are in the, kind of period closed, Maja Palavestra: progress. For the most of the demo, I'll be proxying in as Robin, because Robin has the central accountant role, needed to facilitate, period close. Maja Palavestra: I will share my screen. Maja Palavestra: So the first thing that we can take a look is we can take a look at our… I need to stop proxying against Mina. Maja Palavestra: Let's take a look at our period closed BP. Maja Palavestra: And some of the steps within that. Maja Palavestra: The BP, there is one… we get to have one BP for period end close, year-end close, and for, the whole organization. So, we can see that the first step is to initiate the close process, which we can see… we'll see how to… how we can do. Maja Palavestra: The next step is… would be to fix operational journals with errors, and then here in the notes, we can kind of see how we've organized our incremental, Maja Palavestra: period close, right? That first, we're going to close off the accounting adjustment, we're going to put our status in close in progress, we are going to close off the accounting adjustment, and then the suppliers, and so on. So these are just a few steps Maja Palavestra: There are a total of 19 steps as of right now. We expect this to grow and kind of develop further as we receive, Maja Palavestra: feedback from the other component units. So this is just kind of the, Maja Palavestra: the BP as it stands right now. What we can do now is I can… I will proxy in as Robin, and I will start the period close, and then we can take a look at some of the steps within that period close. Maja Palavestra: To start the period close, we simply will, type start Period. Closed task. Maja Palavestra: Here we get to define our company, which is going to be UFloor, so… Maja Palavestra: period. We can choose one from one of the open periods. Let's say, february, fiscal year 24. Maja Palavestra: No, this prop is already in progress, I'll choose another one. Maja Palavestra: Oops, this one too, okay. Maja Palavestra: Okay, we'll choose March for fiscal year 24. Maja Palavestra: We are going to close the period, so we'll choose period. Maja Palavestra: This date right here is used for reporting purposes strictly. So, for the demo purposes, because I am doing fiscal year 24, it wouldn't make sense. But, for example, if I were to close Maja Palavestra: February, November month end of this year, right? And I say that my expected completion date is… Maja Palavestra: December 4th, right? If I know that here, because this date always has to be after the day that you're doing it. Maja Palavestra: after I'm done closing November, I can run the reports that kind of can show me how close was I to my goal date of 12-4, right? When did we actually then close the books? So, the expected completion date, as I mentioned, is for reporting purposes only. Maja Palavestra: But I can say OK, and then we're going to submit. So this… Maja Palavestra: Now, just starting the period close has kicked off the business process. Maja Palavestra: Robin… Should now start receiving her to-do steps, in her Workday inbox, right? Maja Palavestra: So, if I go to Robin's Workday inbox. Maja Palavestra: She should now receive the first to-do step within the period close. Maja Palavestra: And the first step is to fix operational journals with errors. Maja Palavestra: Something to note, that we can… Maja Palavestra: Access that task from the to-do step. Maja Palavestra: Or we can just put in our search bar fixed operational journals with errors. Maja Palavestra: After that step is completed. Maja Palavestra: Rabbit needs to submit, click submit here, in order to give system a clue that I have completed this step, we can now move forward onto the next step. If she completes the step, but if she doesn't click submit, it's not going to… the BP is not going to move forward. Maja Palavestra: So, if I click on Fix Operational Journals with Errors. Maja Palavestra: for my clothes, because I am doing, Maja Palavestra: 2024, there's not going to be any journals with errors, nothing to be done there. But I wanted to show you how, it would look like if there were journals with errors. So I want to show you one of the months where we can see Maja Palavestra: Some of the journals. Maja Palavestra: with errors that would need to be fixed if facilitating period close. We're going to take a look at the athletics. Maja Palavestra: And… I think they're in October? Maja Palavestra: And we're gonna say, okay. Maja Palavestra: So, we can see here, for athletics, this would be an example. It says, ledger period is unopened or created for this operational journal. Basically, what happened is Maja Palavestra: The spend, kind of dispense side was creating operational journals, and the commitments ledger was not open. So… Maja Palavestra: after the fact, after the journals were created, the commitment ledger was open, and now these journals can be kind of pushed through. So what I would do is I would either select one or select as many as you need. Maja Palavestra: And you would say, okay. So that would now… it fixed the journal. So basically, when the operational transaction was created. Maja Palavestra: the commitments ledger was not open, the commitment ledger was opened after the fact, so now the journals can be pushed through. That would be one of the examples that would show under fixed operational journals with errors. Maja Palavestra: If we pretend that Robin has completed the step for our period close, she can commit, she can submit this now, saying, confirming, I have done this, we can move forward with the BP. Maja Palavestra: this now initiates next to-do step within the period close. So, if I go back here, this brought us to the new… what is the next step? The next step is to update the ledger period status Maja Palavestra: too close in progress. You notice here that when you receive the to-do steps, it provides you with the link to do the next step. So you can just do… you can do it from this link right here. Maja Palavestra: Our year was 2024. I think we were doing, march. Maja Palavestra: So what year was… Which one did I do? Maja Palavestra: We are doing, we're going to select periods. Maja Palavestra: And we're going to say okay. So, we have to change this now, our close status, we have to put it in close in progress. Maja Palavestra: The first activity that we saw that we need to cut off is our accounting adjustments. Maja Palavestra: So I'm going to click here onto the accounting adjustments, right? Maja Palavestra: I need to click select here. I will then notice that my new status is now closed in progress. Maja Palavestra: I am closing off the activity for the accounting adjustments. Maja Palavestra: This is kind of what helps us facilitate, incremental period close. Maja Palavestra: And you say, okay. Maja Palavestra: And if I go back to Robin's, Maja Palavestra: to-do list, she can now confirm that she has updated the ledger peer status to close in progress, and submit it. Maja Palavestra: And now the steps would kind of just, like, continue to occur, like, she would… Robin would receive notifications. Maja Palavestra: in her inbox. Maja Palavestra: until all of the steps are completed, and she would go one by one and complete the steps within the period close. So. Maja Palavestra: Those are just… SUM, Of the to-do steps that are within the period close. Maja Palavestra: I think we, I wanted to show you, some of the reports that can be useful when, Maja Palavestra: trying to understand the period close and where you are within the period close. So the first would be to, Maja Palavestra: what I saw, the mass update ledger period status. Maja Palavestra: I wanted to show you the period closed work area. Maja Palavestra: Report. Maja Palavestra: This report shows Maja Palavestra: what is in progress for, period close. We have several other things in progress here, because we were testing. Maja Palavestra: you know, if you were doing just one period close, and, you know, after go live, you would see the month that you are working on. We can see here that the month that we were doing, we were doing March for fiscal year 24, Maja Palavestra: It is in progress. The period close was initiated by Robin. There's a total of 19 steps that we saw in the BP. 3 of the steps have been completed. Maja Palavestra: And then we can see here the percentage completed of the period close. Maja Palavestra: There is one… another report that we can see that is called Find In Progress Transactions. Maja Palavestra: we can take a look at, let's see, March, 2024. Maja Palavestra: There shouldn't be any, but just if there was, Maja Palavestra: This is… this would show any transactions that are… that are in progress. Maja Palavestra: Probably one of the… another useful report is with… we can see is how, kind of, how we've organized our incremental close, and that report is called, Maintain Period Close Activity Groups. Maja Palavestra: So, this shows, like, for example, our… groupings. Maja Palavestra: that we've used to organize incremental, kind of like, step-by-step period close. For example, if we close the assets. Maja Palavestra: Asset adjustment will close down, disposals, asset creation, all of the… these are the operational transactions. Maja Palavestra: that would be closed if I chose to close the period closed activity group assets. Maja Palavestra: So, that's… Maja Palavestra: you know, like, the brief overview of the period close. As I mentioned earlier, we will still, because there's one BP for the period close and the year-end close, we will still have the need to track certain activities outside of a workday. Maja Palavestra: But just as an overall… to understand, like, the overall, tracking mechanism, we can… we will be utilizing the BP within Workday. Maja Palavestra: I'm going to stop the share and take a look at questions where we had questions. Brady Allred: So it doesn't look like we have any questions in the chat right now. Brady Allred: Does anybody have any questions? Maja Palavestra: Hi. Hi. edlyn.dalisay: Maya, so, what you've shown, you're proxying Robin, right? I just wanted to clarify, like, the point of view here. Is Robin, like, in the core office? Is that… Maja Palavestra: It is. edlyn.dalisay: On the general accounting side, so how then would… would the other, subsystem owners, how would that play edlyn.dalisay: here. Because right now, our closing, right, like. edlyn.dalisay: Asset Management, AR, AP, they have their little closing process in their respective areas, and then they, once they're done, they inform me, and then I close their ledgers, or that subsystem. edlyn.dalisay: How is that, you know, gonna play out here? edlyn.dalisay: In Workday. Maja Palavestra: We are still working through that. This is kind of general. We, as I mentioned earlier, we imagine Maja Palavestra: the period close to be managed centrally, and then for the foundation and the athletics to manage their own, the subsystem that you're referring to, so they're all going to be in Workday, the APs, the ARs, so those are going to be, like, the operational journals that are within Workday. So, and we also haven't really defined the dates, right? As I'm, like, we will be working on defining the dates. Maja Palavestra: When do we start closing the, operational journals and stuff like that? Maja Palavestra: There's other people that are assigned centrally, right, from the assets and stuff like that, so… but we haven't really, Maja Palavestra: defined who exactly would hold that role, right, for the subsystem. So that's still TBD'd prior to end-to-end testing. edlyn.dalisay: Okay. edlyn.dalisay: So what you're showing right now is really just very high-level overview… Correct. Correct. Maja Palavestra: Correct. edlyn.dalisay: Okay, alright. Maja Palavestra: Yes. edlyn.dalisay: Okay, got it. edlyn.dalisay: More time. Laura Ling: Yeah, I wanna, I wanna… Laura Ling: weigh in just a little bit here, perhaps just to clarify my own understanding. So, within Workday, one of the biggest differences between our current system and our future state system is that there is no subsystem. Laura Ling: There's just one. Laura Ling: system. Laura Ling: So, currently, we have to actually close all the subsystems, and it pushes everything up to the general ledger, and then we close the general ledger. That won't be necessary in Workday. Maja Palavestra: No, because we're gonna use the period close activity groups, which define that, right, how we're gonna incrementally close. Laura Ling: So, and the period act… sorry, those were a lot of words strung together. What Maya says is, no, no, it's… you guys have been living and breathing it, and I have not. So that's gonna be more making sure that the work is done, and things are ready Laura Ling: foreclose. Think of a more traditional book close, where we're making sure that things are accrued, things are clean, things are nice and ready for closing. Laura Ling: But that's not necessarily… it's like, we aren't going to be asking UFIT to say, please close the subsystem. Laura Ling: Is that correct? I'm seeing some head nods. Laura Ling: Isabella, keep me honest. Joseph, Isabella: Yes, I think you're right, Laura. So, what Mai's explaining is just mechanisms to ensure that the other functional areas, so people in AR, AP, Joseph, Isabella: can help us, you know, get towards an incremental close. So, Edlin, we have one VP. Right now, you just saw the central Robin steps, but we have the ability to add steps for those other areas in that BP as well. So you're not doing these subsystem closings, you're just kind of working on other areas within the same Joseph, Isabella: system. So we have the ability to send close steps to the AR team or the AP team within our central close process. Does that make sense? edlyn.dalisay: Yes, so I think what it is, is it's my current manual checklist in the Excel, right? Okay, now I see it. Okay. Joseph, Isabella: Yeah, I've told the team, like, the Workday BP is a good starting point. It's really great for reporting, it's good for inbox notifications and tasks, but there's probably an expectation that we'll still use Excel a little bit to manage more details outside of Workday if needed for close. edlyn.dalisay: Thank you. Joseph, Isabella: Yeah. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: I have a, I think it's a security question. So, you are proxying as these other folks? Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: So is that part of our setup for… Access… Maja Palavestra: insecurity. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Or do we assign proxies, each person assigns their proxy? How does that work? Maja Palavestra: there's no going to be proxy in Go Live, right? It's going to… I needed to proxy because Maja Palavestra: And now, in this tenant, we can… we can proxy go live, there is no proxy, so whoever is doing the period close is going to be assigned the security to be able to do the period close. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: So, if, we're in a unit where Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Journal Accounting has a person, and they do period close, and they're out. Maja Palavestra: You can delegate your workday in Boston. Maja Palavestra: To your backup, yeah. Barbara Bennett - UF Teaching and Technology: Alright, alright, thanks. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Any other remaining questions for Maya or the financial accounting team? Brady Allred: Alright, if not, we'll move on, I think. Brady Allred: Alright, so these next steps… Brady Allred: We listened to… we listened for your… and captured your feedback during this section. Our team will determine how to incorporate your feedback, more information to come on testing and training, and if you do have any further questions, please email Brady Allred: Alright, you can look at this website, and there'll be a form to submit there. Brady Allred: Maya or Anna or anyone, do you have any final comments? Maja Palavestra: No, thank you for everyone for attending, thank you for great feedback and great questions. Maja Palavestra: If there is anything that you can think of after the, after now, feel free to email me or anyone on the Finn Accounting team. Brady Allred: Huh? Brady Allred: Thank you, everyone. Maja Palavestra: Thank you. Brady Allred: Thanks so much, Maya. You. Brady Allred: We're good on your feet. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): I think Maya left. Brady Allred: Oh, Maya's gone. Yeah. Well, thank you, Robin and Anna. I'll thank her, too. Ana Meyer-Ruiz (UF): I'm gonna stop the recording. Brady Allred: Sounds good.