Brady Allred: Recording! Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: So, the way this works… Brady Allred: Typically, we'll have Brandon go through, each business process and kind of talk through, the steps. Brandon, did you get a chance to see Brady Allred: The recording tips message that I sent on Thursday. It's been a minute now. Brandon Esposito: No, where'd you send that to? Was it in Teams? Brady Allred: Yeah, it should be in Teams, and it's one of the long… Brandon Esposito: Oh, wow. Brandon Esposito: Yes, yes, I read through it. I probably need to… need to… Skim through it again. Brady Allred: No worries, no worries at all. But just… it doesn't need to be perfect recordings, the whole point is just to kind of get, the business processes, completely through all the way, so that we have each step ready to go. Brady Allred: In the order that they appear in the curriculum. Brady Allred: If something doesn't have an order, then… then it's alright. We can… we can record however we need to, and we can stop, start over, pause. Brady Allred: Anything that we need to do to make them happen. Brady Allred: The… one of the biggest things to emphasize is to talk slow through each step that you're doing. Brady Allred: Just because that… Brady Allred: it makes it so that the recording is more compliant with ADA, for one, but it also helps clarify for training materials that we make later. Brady Allred: So just things like that to keep in mind. But Brandon, I know that you're not quite ready to record, so I guess what would be helpful for you at this time? Brandon Esposito: So, a few things, like, so I'll just go through one, like, for the accounting journal event, like, the first one, are we going all the way through, like, as far as the approval process and everything, or is it just mainly, like. Brandon Esposito: Creating the journal, and then knowing it goes into someone… into the approver's queue. Brandon Esposito: So that would be one… just one kind of scenario, because that's kind of how ours kind of flow, how our accounting journals, accounting adjustments. Brandon Esposito: So on and so forth, they kind of flow that way. Brandon Esposito: To where, like, it'll go from, like, if I enter it, or, like, a departmental accountant enters it, it goes to, like, if it's a gift, it'll go to the gift approver, and then… Brandon Esposito: For final approval through, probably, general accounting. Brady Allred: So I think… I think the goal of these is just to get your art. Brady Allred: So if, if, like, Brady Allred: If that's just the creation of the event, and then it's handed off to someone else, I don't think we're gonna cover that handoff and the continuation. Brady Allred: But everything that you do, For that initial step. Brady Allred: That… that would be one business process. Brady Allred: And then I believe the approval is something else that will go Brady Allred: I'm not sure if it's this pod, I don't think it's this pod, but it goes to whatever respective pod it needs to go to. Brady Allred: That makes sense. Brandon Esposito: Got it. Okay. Brady Allred: Yeah, and I can clarify that, too. Let me write it down. Brady Allred: Gwen has more of a bird's eye view of everything that's happening. Brandon Esposito: Sure. Brady Allred: I'll clarify that, but I'm 90% sure that it's… it's just your portion. Brandon Esposito: Okay, that's good to know, thank you. Brady Allred: Okay… So, I guess, would it be helpful to, Brady Allred: And I can, like, we can allow you Brady Allred: This time, if you wanted to write out, like, a script, or get ready in that sense, or if it would be helpful, we can do, like, a rough draft recording, kind of see how you wanted to play it out. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brandon Esposito: Well, to be honest, it's my first round, like, being in the lead role, so, like, trying… I need to do more refreshing. I tried to look at some this weekend, but just to make sure I got all my P's and Q's in order before we do start recording. Brandon Esposito: And then some of these things, thinking about it, I just want to make sure I have everything in place, like… Brandon Esposito: Before we record, like, intercompany, making sure that works properly, and… Brandon Esposito: When we get to the allocations, I had a discussion earlier. With the allocations, we're gonna have to make sure there's stuff Brandon Esposito: actually in the right accounts before we can run allocations. You can't just run allocations, it'll just come up blank. Brady Allred: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. There, you know. Brady Allred: As much as possible, having stage data his best… So… Brandon Esposito: Sure. Brady Allred: if that would be best, I can… we can definitely, Brady Allred: Not continue today, and then we'll allow you that time to get ready. Brandon Esposito: Okay. Brady Allred: I wanted to ask the rest of the group, though, do you have anything to bring up for these recordings? Any questions or clarifications that we can talk through? Nikki Kelton: So, are we… when do we know, Brady, if they're going to start telling the rest of the university what's going to be centralized and what's not? Because that is going to definitely affect how these people respond to these videos, how they act. Nikki Kelton: And it should not be up to any of us on this call or our Empowering UF team to make that call and to put out that communication. And I have been very adamant Nikki Kelton: On all of these. Nikki Kelton: that this needs to be communicated from higher up, so have we heard any more about when that's going to be addressed? Brady Allred: You know, I have not, but I am probably the bottom of the totem pole to know that information. Nikki Kelton: But I can check. I mean, and I'm gonna check on my side, too. Like, I'll be honest with you, I have a one-on-one with Michelle Castlein tomorrow, and I'm gonna, again, reiterate the importance, I feel, that this needs to be addressed before we get into that, because Nikki Kelton: How we design these trainings for an end user that's in a department, and how we design these trainings for an end user that's in a core office should be very different. Nikki Kelton: So, the general knowledge and terminology, yes. General functionality, yes, but… Nikki Kelton: I don't… I also don't want us to waste our time building something that's not going to be here in a year, right? I mean, it's just… it's pointless. I think we can focus our time and efforts on other areas, so… But yeah, I just wanted to know if anybody else had heard anything. Brady Allred: Not high, but I'll check with Gwen, and that's about as far as my… mine. Nikki Kelton: And that's fine. That's fine. I just wanted to kind of check, because I know sometimes we hear different things, because we're all in a different kind of group. Nikki Kelton: So I just was kind of checking to see if anybody had heard, especially for this, you know, for doing deposits and things like that. That definitely is looking like it's going to be more centralized, same as accounts payable, so I just wanted to see if anybody else had heard any… anything different. Brandon Esposito: Have not either, and thank you for bringing that up. That helps a lot with the training, in my opinion, too, because coming from core and then kind of shifting to, like, departmental, it does make a difference. Nikki Kelton: Correct. Brandon Esposito: So, thank you. Brady Allred: Yep, I guess, for these purposes. Brady Allred: Because the audience isn't exactly… known. Brady Allred: I would just be as detailed Brady Allred: in the steps as you can, Brandon? Brady Allred: You know, we can only do… we can only build the house with the bricks that we've got, so… Brady Allred: Do what you can, and then if… if things change later, we'll adjust then. Brady Allred: But, so far as… Brady Allred: As far as the actual audience for each of these business processes, I do recognize that's still up in the air. Brady Allred: I do know that we aren't planning to create trainings beyond these recordings for Core Office. Brady Allred: So, that is another thing to keep in mind if… if one of these processes is only for, like, if we know that it's going to be core office only. Brady Allred: You can… you can adjust your recording approach to that, like, if you know that there's terminology and things like that. Brady Allred: That are gonna be helpful for core office as opposed to the end unit. Brady Allred: That's helpful. Brady Allred: I have a list of questions that are helpful to keep in mind when coming up with these, transcripts and recordings. I plan to ask them at the end of the recordings at the beginning, but I'll send them to you, just kind of as a Brady Allred: A buffer of where we're looking. Brady Allred: And we can go from there. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brady Allred: All right. Well, thank you guys so much for coming. I think this is gonna work out. Yeah, again, no big deal. This… this time, this sacred time is allocated. We do want to get all these recordings done, but… Brady Allred: We want to use your time as effectively as possible, so if things like this are going to be more helpful, that's absolutely what we're going to do. Brandon Esposito: I feel like Wednesday will probably be… that's what I'm setting in my head, that's gonna be the strong day, as far as recordings and pushing… pushing as much through as I can on those recordings that day, so that'll give me a little more time to get through this. Brady Allred: Perfect. Brandon Esposito: Thank you. Brady Allred: Thank you so much, guys, and we'll see you all then. Nikki Kelton: Alright, have a great day. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Thanks. Bye-bye.