Brady Allred: James, I did want to ask. Brady Allred: So, you mentioned last time, I think, that there was a course that people could take Brady Allred: That kind of help them understand the… the process, James House: Yeah. Brady Allred: Is there… what was that course? Brady Allred: And then… I might do some editing. Sorry, go ahead. James House: It's fund administrators training, it's more of a… James House: training. It's not really, like, process-oriented, it's more to understand what your responsibilities are as someone who manages or administers gifts. James House: So it's around, like, compliance, like, knowing how to maintain donor compliance. James House: If you're utilizing the underlying GIFT funds. James House: So, understanding restrictions, you know, how to… James House: What it means to comply with those restrictions, and just generally giving some background information on those. Brady Allred: Right, so… That seems to me like something that won't change a whole lot, am I right? James House: No, no. In fact, I don't even know if there's any PeopleSoft references, it's more about understanding donor compliance and donor funds. James House: Okay. So that if you're using those, you know, hey, here's what we gotta do to stay in compliance. James House: And it's… it might be a… James House: foundation-administered training. I don't know, you know, exactly how that works. They work with UFIT, but the training is maintained James House: I don't know. Yeah. Brady Allred: Right, I was gonna say, I don't think that's something that we've even… Brady Allred: created when I was looking through our stuff, so… James House: about a month. Brady Allred: Might work with them to see if there's anything that needs to update there, too, but I really don't think that there will be Brady Allred: Tons. James House: No. James House: The only thing that might be changed is, like, the roles are gonna change, so maybe they'll need to add in… James House: you know, more… James House: information on what types of roles need to take it, and what those roles mean. I could see them adding something like that. James House: Because right now, it's just a fund administrator. Like, anyone who gets a fund administrator role has to take that training first. James House: But in future, we're gonna have, like, you know, several GIP-related roles. I think two of them will have… two or three of them will be more departmental-specific, so those would be the ones that would need to take it. James House: We're assigning someone those roles. Brady Allred: So, these roles will be newly created, but they're… they're… you think that their jobs will essentially be, Brady Allred: Like, that fund administrator training will still apply to them in terms of what they can do. James House: Yeah, the only difference is one of the gift manager now… it used to be just, like, a fiscal manager in the department, and they didn't have to take the training, because they were doing all fiscal transactions, it wasn't really gift-specific. Now, this gift manager role will be approving transactions, so that will be a little different, because James House: The fund administrator doesn't have approval authority, it's just a view and reporting role, basically, and oversight. James House: Now there will be a little more, transactional involvement with the manager role, so that might need to be spoken to as well, like, hey, you're… James House: Approving these transactions, we need to be sure that it's within line with donor compliance, basically. Brady Allred: Okay. Brady Allred: Yeah, and we can look and see, I… I'm… Brady Allred: at one point, I need to gather all of the… Brady Allred: And I don't know how this is happening, it might be above me, but I need a list from someone, somewhere. Brady Allred: of all these new roles that have been created, and what they need to do, because I think that that is going to be, Brady Allred: Big, for people, is… What's the role? What do I have? Brady Allred: And what do I need to be doing now? So… James House: Yeah. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: I think it'll be… have to be integrated into this training, like, in some way, shape, or form, so it's not… I don't think it's too far out of your scope, unfortunately. Brady Allred: Yeah, I know that. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: and fortunately, right? Brady Allred: Yeah. James House: In order to get the roles, like, they're gonna have to take training, basically, in some, you know, just like now, but the roles are changing, so… James House: Yeah, hopefully some of that training can be… James House: Refashioned, like, the fund admin one, I think, pretty easily, but others, you know, it's completely new. They might need… James House: Full new training portfolio for it. Brady Allred: Yeah, and you know, I definitely expected to create those trainings, I just wasn't sure if I'm the one that has to get the list of all the roles, or if that's something that can… Brady Allred: like, if there's a master sheet somewhere, I don't even know how that's all… James House: Where can one training span multiple roles, like, you know… Brady Allred: Yeah, that's the thing, everything is all interconnected and integrated, so it's… it's hard to know who's responsible for what, but hopefully we'll be able to coordinate that. Now that we're all almost done with these recordings, I think that that'll be a lot easier to do. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: I think they're still working on the rolls. James House: Yeah, yeah. James House: We still are having some defined re… James House: Renamed, you know, things like that, just moving around as we continue to see how processes are gonna build out. James House: Because you might say, hey, we need something a little different. We have this role, could we use that? Things like that. Brady Allred: Right. Brady Allred: It'll be good. Brady Allred: We'll have good stuff ready to go. James House: Yeah. Brady Allred: All right, James, I think then, if you're ready, we'll let you… Take off. Brady Allred: Close our videos, unmute ourselves, and you should be good to go. James House: Alright, so first I'll do the create gift hierarchy. James House: That's funny. James House: Pull up. James House: Alright. James House: So, today we're going to show how to create a gift hierarchy in Workday. James House: And just to give a little bit of background, the gift hierarchy is primarily a core office functionality, and it's a tool that allows us to define and facilitate how we summarize, view, and report on James House: underlying gifts within the gift hierarchy, so we can kind of say, here's how, you know, we need to view our gifts, here's the different levels we need to view them at, and define that gift hierarchy so that we can… we can do so. James House: So at this point, we are still defining the gift hierarchies and how they will be used as we continue to finalize values across the FDM of Workday. James House: So for today, I'm just going to show you a simplified example of how these are created and used from scratch. James House: And just give you a sense of how that kind of looks once it's set up. James House: And one of the more prominent use cases we have for gift hierarchies is to be able to aggregate and report on gifts by the department or a college that owns the gifts, so that we can kind of summarize all the gifts within that college so that an individual at the top of that college can kind of view all those gifts. James House: That are under their purview. So I'll use an example that kind of illustrates this use case and show you how that looks in Workday. James House: But the actual business process of creating the gift hierarchy is pretty straightforward, and that's where we'll start. So, to do this, you just go into this search bar, and you select Create Gift Hierarchy. James House: And this will bring you to the business process where we actually create the gift hierarchy. Now, you can kind of see some information on here. The main thing is the gift hierarchy, name and ID. James House: And then the hierarchies are built kind of like a people-thought tree, if you recall from prior to Workday, where you have, a hierarchical structure with James House: a top level, and various branches spanning down beneath that. So, we have this superior gift hierarchy to say, here's the node, within the hierarchy. James House: with any parent hierarchy that we're adding this new hierarchy to. We also have include gifts, so we can say which gifts belong in this hierarchy. James House: And it can also be used to assign roles. I don't have the ability to do this, this is being defined who will actually assign roles, but we could assign roles within a hierarchy so that any gifts within that hierarchy, will… the person with that role will have access to perform those functions. James House: But for now, I'm just gonna create a simplified hierarchy here, and at the top level, usually, we have all gifts. James House: So I'm just gonna call this All Gifts. James House: demo, because this is just a demo hierarchy that I'm creating here. And basically, this would mean at the top level, we can view any GIFs that are underneath it. James House: And I'm gonna give it an ID of… Yep, H. James House: 9999… I'll click that. James House: And this has no superior, we're at the top level of all gifts, so I'm not going to add a superior gift hierarchy, and I'm not going to include any gifts at this level either. So right now, I'm just creating this node at the very top, all gifts. James House: And I'll go ahead and do that, and this will now… James House: create that gift hierarchy once I push submit there. James House: So we now have the gift hierarchy, all gifts. Now, if I wanted to build this hierarchy out a little bit and add some more nodes underneath the top level, I can go ahead and do that using the same functionality, and that's what I'll do here. James House: So I'm gonna, create another gift hierarchy. James House: And in this one, again, remember I said we might want to report by colleges or units? James House: colleges or departments, so I'm going to create a couple layers within this hierarchy. One for a college, so we'll use the College of Education as an example, and the College of Engineering as an example, and then one for an individual department within those two colleges. James House: So, bear with me a minute, I'm just going to create a few gift hierarchies here for that purpose. So here we'll have, gift hierarchy name, we'll say College of Education. James House: And the hierarchy ID would be DFH3013. I'm utilizing the same kind of numbering sequence we have for cost center hierarchies, which have similar layers of information here. James House: We'll include the ID there. James House: And in this case, we want to put this gift hierarchy within that all gifts one I just created. James House: We're gonna actually say. James House: Let's put it within the superior gift hierarchy. James House: of, August here. James House: And I'll go ahead and select OK. James House: And then we'll create another one for… College of Education. James House: Engineering, I'm sorry. James House: And we'll give it the GFH3016. James House: And we'll put this in the… James House: superior gift hierarchy as well, all gifts, and you can see now that I created that James House: College of, Education, this is available as well, if I wanted to put a new, James House: hierarchy under the College of Education. In this case, we're creating a new college, so I'm going to put it at the same level underneath all gifts. James House: And then I can select OK there. James House: So now I'm just going to create a couple more to go down one more layer and add a department, an academic department within the College of Engineering and within the College of Education. James House: Again, I'll go back to this creative hierarchy. James House: And we're gonna create one for, the School of Teaching and Learning within the College of Education. James House: And we'll put it in the superior gift hierarchy. James House: of College of Education, so we're adding a new hierarchy level underneath the College of Education. James House: And I'll select OK. James House: Let me go back real quick, because I do want to… what you can also do is add a gift within this, so we can say, here's the gifts that reside within this hierarchy. I'm going to add a gift right here for one of the College of Education gifts. James House: Which is GF00035. James House: And this is for learning technologies. James House: And then I'll create one last gift hierarchy here. James House: within the College of Engineering, to add a department there as well. James House: And we'll do chemical engineering. James House: And again, this one going into College of Engineering now, so we'll add it within that hierarchy node. James House: And I'm gonna include a gift here as well. James House: For pharmaceutical, micro, and also respond. James House: So now this gift will reside in that higher level. James House: So, at this point, I've built out a simplified hierarchy for all gifts, and then colleges and departments, with a couple underlying gifts. James House: Let's kind of get a visual, example of how this gift hierarchy now looks from the top level on down. So, to do that, I can go to Navigate Gift Hierarchy. James House: And this just kind of gives a visual representation of that gift hierarchy and all the branches underneath it. So I'll select this top level of all gifts. James House: And… Not shown. James House: Okay. James House: Let's go within the College of Education and hit Navigate. James House: Get hierarchy. James House: And now you can kind of see that represent… visual representation here. Ignore these underlying GIFs, these are some GIFs that had already been added at the top level. James House: But you can see here, we have, within the College of Education, within the August, we have College of Education Hierarchy. James House: And, underneath that, you can see James House: the individual gifts that have been added within that College of Education. James House: You can also see the College of Engineering hierarchy. James House: And here you can see the chemical engineering node that we added. James House: And underneath that, you can see the GIF that we added within here. James House: Now, this will look a little bit different in the future state. We wouldn't have the underlying gifts, directly in the top level of the hierarchy, typically. What you would see is you'd see the top level of the hierarchy. James House: Then you'd see the branches for the college… colleges. James House: B, here, and here. James House: And underneath that, you would see the branches of those colleges, the departments. James House: And the underlying gifts, which you can kind of drill down into. James House: Now, this is just a visual representation, but this can be built into various GIF-related reporting to then view GIFs by hierarchy levels, or pull GIFs within a given hierarchy. Now, we don't have that set up currently in our reporting, because we're still defining those hierarchies. James House: But that's what this would really be used primarily to facilitate, is to build those into reporting so we can view gifts not just by the individual gift. James House: But by various hierarchy levels that we define and then report on to aggregate those individual gifts. James House: I know this can also be performed via an EID upload. I'm not going to show that today either, but basically we could upload the entire hierarchy and the individual levels via an upload template to kind of speed up or make that process more fishy. James House: So that's the process of creating a gift hierarchy. Again, it's pretty straightforward. You just go in and James House: select Create Gift Hierarchy, fill out the underlying data, and define how you want that, gift hierarchy structure to be used, and to, James House: to be structured. James House: So that's everything for gift hierarchy. Now, for Create Gift Hierarchy. James House: Not trying to get back to… Stop hearing for a second. James House: The one thing is that one I created didn't show up initially. I think it needed some time to process. James House: So… James House: I'm fine utilizing it in this all gifts, but I don't know if you guys have any other thoughts, like, we could run through it again, or… Brady Allred: You know, I… I think it's probably okay. Brady Allred: Terry, do you have any thoughts? Carrie Pridgeon-UF: If you're gonna use this for your screenshots for your training, probably will want it to be a little more… Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Obvious of, like, okay. James House: Agreed. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: We created this hierarchy, it's. James House: Going up. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: this hierarchy, and you can see it flow a little better. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: And you can follow it a little easier, because I got a little lost there. I was like, where did that one go? James House: I might be able to go back and do that pretty easily, because, James House: these gift hierarchy nodes have been created, I would just need to move which hierarchy they are under, so I could move them. Brady Allred: James it. James House: Yeah, I could do it as part of the edit gift hierarchy and say, hey. Brady Allred: It's… It's really up to you, because this is, like, a core office function. Brady Allred: I'm not gonna be able… I'm not gonna be using that to make any… any materials, but if you want it for your Brady Allred: Train, like, when you make stuff for people, or if you want to use these, and you feel like it would be better? Brady Allred: then… Then that's just fine, too. James House: Okay. James House: Yeah, the only thing is, like, doing it from the top, I'm worried I'm gonna miss… James House: Like, I'm… hmm, I don't know the best way to do this. James House: I could show, like, edit gift hierarchy and then move it. James House: You know, into the other hierarchy. James House: And then show, hey, here's the up, like, does that work? Carrie Pridgeon-UF: Yeah, I think that would… James House: Yeah. Okay. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: I mean, you know the people who are going to be doing this, so… James House: Yeah, yeah. James House: they'll be fine. It's basically one person, so I'm not really too concerned about that. James House: She'll be working in these daily. James House: Anyway. James House: Oh, let me… let me do that. I think that makes sense, because that actually gives me a better edit to make than I was going to do anyway. Brady Allred: We can do that. Brady Allred: We'll mute ourselves again, I think, and video off. James House: Alright, so let's next show how to edit a gift hierarchy. James House: And you may have noticed when we were setting up this gift hierarchy in the Create Gift Hierarchy training that we had placed the two nodes into this all gifts hierarchy instead of the all gifts demo gift hierarchy. James House: And we, we realized, oh, that's not where we meant to place it. We need to go back and actually, edit that gift hierarchy for the College of Education and the College of Engineering to place it into the appropriate top-level gift hierarchy. James House: So we could do that by going in and, and editing the guest hierarchy. James House: And the easiest way to do that is to James House: go in and put Edit Gift Hierarchy. James House: And from there, we can navigate to the gift hierarchy that we want to edit. In this case, I'm going to edit two gift hierarchies. I'm going to edit the College of Engineering gift hierarchy and the College of Education gift hierarchy to update what, James House: Hierarchy they reside in, and where they reside within that hierarchy. James House: So I'm just going to go to this all gift hierarchy, and you can see we have the College of Education here. I'm going to start with that one. James House: And if we go and select here, we… we previously selected the superior gift hierarchy of all gifts. James House: I actually want to put it into the all gifts hierarchy, all gifts demo. James House: Okay, I… I don't understand why this is happening like this, actually. James House: Hmm. James House: So I might need to restart that. James House: I don't know… for some reason, this gift hierarchy is not showing up to add. Brady Allred: Bye. James House: You have tired views, too. Brady Allred: No worries. Brady Allred: And if it doesn't make sense to restart, like, if we can restart, or if you just want to talk through things, we can do that too. Whatever is gonna work best. James House: Okay. James House: Yeah. James House: I'm just unsure, let me… do this. James House: and see… Brady Allred: I've told this to my other pods too, but the biggest, obstacle so far has been Workday itself. It just seems to… James House: Yeah. Brady Allred: One of the problems. James House: Yeah, and I'm wondering if, like, to create this top gift hierarchy, There's some type of, James House: some type of security within the tenant right now that I don't have that's not allowing me to create that top level. James House: So… I might revert back to my original plan and just edit the ones I was going to edit. James House: And, you know, maybe… Hmm. James House: And… James House: maybe I can view the GIFT hierarchy instead of looking at the all gifts, I'll just look within one college. James House: So they can see what that college looks like, anyway, within that structure. James House: But I'm… before I do that, I want to add another branch. James House: So at least there's something more than just a linear hierarchy to look at. Brady Allred: Christ. James House: So, if you don't mind bearing with me for a second, I'm just gonna create, like, another… Yeah, bro. Brady Allred: No, you're just fine. Brady Allred: The process is, I mean… Brady Allred: how they edit it is going to be different depending on what they want to do anyway, so I think that so long as the process of getting to where they can edit it is the same. James House: Yeah, that's all the same, so it's pretty straightforward. And they'll be defining that hierarchy structure, you know, so it'll be defining it in a way that makes sense. James House: Right. For what they're trying to do, so… James House: But it'll just make that visual representation a little clearer, like Carrie said, so it's easier to follow what's going on. James House: Right. James House: So, just bear with me a second, I just need to quickly create… indifferent. James House: I'll share my screen with you, just so you can at least see what I'm doing. Brady Allred: Yeah, you're good. James House: In fact, you know what? James House: Okay. James House: Excellent. James House: So this is more… what I was going for, is just the all gifts levels. James House: Got all those individual gifts, so that's a big deal. But I can show this, and that'll get an idea of how… yeah. James House: We can build a tree underneath one of those colleges or units. James House: Okay. James House: So… start that up again. Does this view of how I'm sharing the screen work? James House: We all can… Okay. Brady Allred: I can see, yeah. James House: Alright, so next, I'm going to go in and show how to edit a gift hierarchy, and this process is a fairly straightforward business process. You basically just navigate to the hierarchy and make any updates on that hierarchy that you need to. James House: And I'm going to do a couple of… show a couple of different kinds of edits. One thing you might do is edit a GIF hierarchy to add new GIFs into it. Say we got James House: a new gift within a department, and we need to add that gift into a department, I'll show how that would look. James House: And then the other thing is we can move a gift hierarchy within the overall hierarchical structure. Maybe we have a new department. James House: that we need to create under one of our existing colleges, or maybe we accidentally set up a hierarchy in the wrong college, and we need to move it to a different college, I can show a couple of examples like this. James House: Oh, James House: From there, edit simplest, really, to get started on the Edit Gift Hierarchy business process, you just go into the search bar and select Edit Gift Hierarchy. James House: And that's what we're going to do here. James House: And we'll go and we'll say we're going to edit the School of Teaching and Learning, because we want to, add a new gift in there. James House: So we'll go to all gift hierarchies. James House: And we'll do this School of Teaching and Learning. And you can see right now, we have this one GIF in there. We're going to actually add a new gift within the School of Teaching and Learning. James House: And I'll just go here. James House: And… We'll just put in… Standard gift. James House: You can find a GIF for my report here quickly. James House: And we're gonna add this… yeah. James House: DF00586. James House: Into this gift hierarchy. James House: So we can now see the Mary Bradshaw Wood Award Spendable Fund has been included in the College of Education. So that's one reason we might go in and edit, or in the School of Teaching and Learning. That might be one reason we'd go in and edit the gift hierarchy. James House: So now, if we were to go to the School of Teaching and Learning Gift Hierarchy, and let's just go to Navigate Gift Hierarchy. James House: you can see that that underlying gift has been added in here. So anytime we want to report James House: by the School of Teaching and Learning, all of these gifts that we add underneath it would show up so we can view the total. Say we wanted to James House: say, what gifts do we have in the School of Teaching and Learning to utilize, for our various purposes? We could report on this gift hierarchy level, and all these underlying gifts that we add in here would show up. James House: So that's one reason we might go in and edit a gift hierarchy. James House: Let's do another example of saying, hey, we put this gift hierarchy in the wrong node, or in the wrong superior hierarchy, so we need to actually move this. James House: Into a new, hierarchy branch. James House: So, from there, we can go back, and I'll do it from the top here. There's a few ways you can go in here. You can see, you could also map, James House: go to the branch and select Add a Gift Hierarchy, but I'm going to start from the top again. James House: Just to show the standard business process. James House: And I'll go to Edit Gift Hierarchy. James House: And I'll select that same, get tired deed for school, Of teaching and learning. James House: So in this case, let's, James House: the spend… the spend reality for a minute and say, okay, this School of Teaching and Learning actually belongs into the College of Education gift hierarchy level, not the, the College of Engineering gift hierarchy, not the College of Education. James House: While we could go into the superior gift hierarchy, we could remove the College of Education. James House: And let's say, hey, this actually belonged in College of Engineering for some reason. We just go into this, edit gift hierarchy, change the superior gift hierarchy. James House: And select OK. And now we can see the superior gift hierarchy would be updated. James House: So, if we were to navigate this gift hierarchy. James House: we can see that rather residing in the College of Education, it's now a department in the College of Engineering. James House: And those underlying gifts move with it, so that, That is maintained. James House: Regardless of the changes we make in terms of where this node resides within the overall gift hierarchy. James House: So that's how you can go in and edit a gift hierarchy. Again, we can edit any of this information that was set up. James House: on the front end, but the primary things we usually would update is the superior gift hierarchy. If we were moving or changing the structure of our colleges of units, we could change this gift hierarchy accordingly. James House: And then we might want to, add or remove underlying GIFs if any of that information changes. Again, this is something we'll be doing frequently. As new GIFs are set up, we'll need to add them into the related hierarchy to facilitate that reporting and viewing of those GIFs. Brady Allred: Awesome. That's it, James. All the processes done. James House: Cool. James House: Do we, yeah, like, what happens from here? James House: So for sure. Brady Allred: From here, I will go through all the materials, and I will create some training materials for… Brady Allred: The… the… the department units, I'll also cut up Brady Allred: Your business processes and get a little bit of more of a refined videos sent to you. Brady Allred: And then if we need to change any trainings or update things like that, I'll work with you, to create that and make sure that it's all correct and accurate. Brady Allred: And then we should be good to go. And then throughout this process, if things do change, we'll coordinate with you on updating how… how we can change our structural materials, too. Brady Allred: So, for you specifically. Brady Allred: I think I am most concerned about the form that they're gonna submit to create, edit, and interact with you, the permit units. Brady Allred: And the biggest piece I'm interested in is what's going to be required on that form, like, and how it's different from what it is now. Brady Allred: And then how they're gonna know Brady Allred: what do I… what do I put… like, how do they know what information to populate it with? James House: Yeah. Brady Allred: So… James House: Yeah. James House: That, that makes sense. It's gonna be a while before that's defined, so I don't know. James House: yeah. James House: I don't know when that appropriate time will that be, or that will… Brady Allred: And that, you know, that doesn't necessarily need to be a training. That can just be, like, an instruction guide that we can make pretty quickly. Like, it's really not that big of a lift for us. Brady Allred: The other piece is I did want to review, you know, the roles and things like that for the current training that we talked about earlier, if, things need to change there, and then Brady Allred: But, again, because we didn't make that training, I'm not sure how we're going to coordinate that. James House: Yeah, yeah. Brady Allred: I'll reach out to you if… you said it was UFIT? James House: Yeah, based… so, the way it works currently, like, they take the training, I think that's… because we have foundation-specific training, they go into a module. James House: and complete the training. Then our… Security administrator, you know. James House: gets notified or notes of that, and then she reaches out to you, Fred, saying, hey, this person needs this fund admin role, can you please add it to their profile? So… James House: Where the training resides, I'm not exactly sure, you know, because you fit in… James House: basically, I think they just… I don't know what they get from Robin, our security administrator. I don't know if she has to show proof of that security, or if she's really the one making sure they've done the related training, so… James House: Could be UFIT, but at least they would know, hey, no, we don't… James House: Have a new thing for this, and it's actually something that sits on the foundation side. Brady Allred: Sounds good, and I can track that down, too. Like, I don't expect you to know that. You're the… Brady Allred: Content, you're not the… Yeah, the training, so… Brady Allred: But yeah, do you have anything for me? Any questions, Terry or James? James House: No questions, just let me know if we need to do anything with the create or edit gift hierarchy. James House: Or if what is in there works, you know, once you take a look back at it. Brady Allred: Sure. Yeah. Brady Allred: And I'll… I'm not sure when I'll get those, sent over to you. Brady Allred: But hopefully in the next… you know, I will likely have time this week to go through all these videos and cut things up, just because I'm finishing up with a lot of my pods, and then… Brady Allred: Other ones are gone, so I should have some time this week to get that to you. James House: Sounds good. James House: Thank you so much. Brady Allred: Guys. James House: Appreciate it, Chris. Have a great spring break week week. Brady Allred: You too. Carrie Pridgeon-UF: everybody. Brady Allred: Bye.