A for reminder media. Okay, it is now recording. And then we'll cut out the bits that don't matter. So James, when you share your screen, we recommend sharing, like putting the Workday window in its own little window with nothing else, and then sharing that application window instead of like the whole desktop, because that eliminates, like notifications that come through. I'm going to mute and ask everyone to turn off, including you, James, turn off your video. So it's just the screen. And then Angela and Carrie as well. Let's see. Now, clutch and Brady, I do have to show this form or I was planning to switch between what I'm sharing or I don't know. Yeah, that's fine. If just, you can have, I would have like that form open in the same browser. So like two different tabs, just because then you can just switch between the two. Oh, yeah. Does that work? That might work. Let me see. Bring it up. No browser. I had it on PDF. So I'll just need you guys to tell me if it. doesn't come clear. You can try sharing and then I'll let you know if I can see it. I can't. It's disabled right now. Oh, let's see. Will that let you request to share your screen, James? It just says host disabled participant screen sharing and all I can do is click okay. There's no. Oh, here it is. Okay. Sharing someone's sharing. Okay, give it a try now. Okay. Perfect. That looks, that looks beautiful. Good job. Okay. And then I'm going to stop the recording and start it again before we start the business process. But if you do need to pause, no worries. These don't have to be perfect. We can stop and start however you need to go through. But we are ready to go, I think. Okay. I cannot see you all. I don't know if it matters, but anyway, I'll just jump in then. All right, so today we're going to show the create gift event business process in Workday. And for those who aren't familiar with Workday, this is similar to what we do in PeopleSoft to set up a new foundation source of fund, and we have a new donor fund. And the process will be pretty similar in Workday for colleges and units that are establishing a new gift in Workday. So for those of you who aren't familiar, currently, we kick off the process of creating a new GIF utilizing the UFFA form, the foundation's UFFA form. This will continue to be the case post Workday. So that's what I'm showing right here in front of you. Now, this is our current form for PeopleTalk. A lot of these fields will be updated for Workday specific language and values. But the form, the type of information captured will be very similar. So we'll have things like the gift administrator name, the gift name, the gift number. All of these, a lot of this information will be very similar, but will be updated for Workday as we get closer to go live. So the beginning of the process will start here. A department, maybe a development officer within the department or some other personnel, would be expecting a new gift agreement from a donor and would need to establish a new gift to receive those monies under the gift agreement. So the department would go ahead and fill out this form and all the requisite information include the proper sign-offs per foundation policies and would submit this to the finance and account, the foundation finance and accounting e-mail handle. That's financeandaccounting@ufl.ufl.edu. So this is really the main piece that would be performed by departments, and it would be essentially the same, just updated for Workday language. From there, the foundation's finance and accounting team would actually go in and set up the gift in Workday. So that's what I'm going to show now. And I have kind of some staged information that I'm going to set up, but basically I'm going to set up an endowed gift in the foundation business unit. And I'll include some of the requisite attribute information on the gifts with Dr. Phil as we go through. But just to kick off the business process, this would be performed by a central gift manager, which is basically a core office user role for the gift work tag. that would reside with . So I'm going to go ahead and pick up this specific process, and it should create it. And this brings us to the interface where we actually set up that GIF. So you can see anything with the star. These are some required fields, and there's a number of attributes, some of which are used, some of which are not as we go through. So I'm going to focus on the ones that we would screen use in all instances. but I'm going to just set up a dummy test GIF in this instance for the UF, the foundation Workday training demo. So this is going to be the GIF name. Each GIF name needs to be unique from all other GIF names in the system. So that would kind of drive this naming convention as we go. But We include this UFFND piece at the beginning. So it's distinct from any gifts that are set up in the university business unit. Next, we'll give it the gift classification. There's really two gift classifications that we would use. The pool is only used if you're using the endowment pool in Workday. We are not, we're using a binary system to manage that. So for endowed, funds, it would be the non-pooled investment. So that's what we'll select in this case. And then for non-endowed, we would have the spendable. For now, I'm going to select this non-pooled investment. And we'll enter the date gets established. Let's just assume we're starting that up as of today. And then we have the gift ID. So this, this is something that we will need to sequentially number the gift ID. And there's a report that the central gift manager can run. in Workday to determine what the lab Git ID used was. That's the FDM reference report. And this is just the standard Git population. Excuse me, I'm waiting for this to run. You can see for each Workday, there's a reference report, and this is basically the standard out-of-the-box population of all gifts. And I'm just going to run it wide open here. I think it's quite large, the population. I think that we have 30,000 gifts that are set up. And from here we would, we would, uh, we would sort this data to, to find the most recent gift in the company. Um, so basically I could Sort fee is descending. I'm going to filter out inactive gifts. And then because I'm setting this up in the foundation business unit, I'm looking at ones for the foundation company first. You can see the last gift ID was set up as 29683. So I would start at the next number on the sequence for that. So that's what I'm going to do here. is I've verified where we are at in the numbering sequence, and I will set up the gift ID for this newest gift. Now, foundation gifts have the leading indicator GU, and this will be different from university gifts, which have the leading indicator GF, and that's just the different differentiate the gift ID between the two companies. I'm going to click this, include gift ID and name. And then we have the gift type, excuse me, the approval level. This is used to drive the payout. In this case, we have an endowment, so I would select payout. Yes, it will receive a payout as an endowment into a spendable fund. We have the gift company working UFMB for foundation. And then I'm going to check this. M&P applies box because we're just going to assume this is standard endowment and gets the standard M&P. So that's all the information in this section. Next, we would set up some related work tag information. And I'm just going to make some assumptions here. In this case, we're talking about an endowment and a general endowment. So we would find the fund code for a general endowment. The foundation funds start with FD9. And you can do that. FD9. And we're going to do an endowment general. So I would select this default work tag. And I would also have a foundation side. There's a one-to-one correlation between the default and allow fund. So I'll be the same thing on this allowed fund. And then we would set up the cost center information. So in this case, I'm just going to assume this is a gift within the College of Education. And I'm in the selected Anita Zucker Center for Excellence in Early Childhood Education. But, you know, this would be specified on that form as well when we are setting this up. So I'm here to go. So the whole app here, all caught centers. We'll do Provost for academic departments. In this case, we're going in the College of Education. It's a center in the College of Education. And we're going to do the Anita Zuppert Center for Child Excellence in Early Childhood. And in this case, I'm going to set it up in the admin cost center within the Eden Sucker Center for Early Childhood Education. And again, on the foundation side, there's a one-to-one relationship. So I'm going to put the same cost center in the vault work allowed word pay. So this means that all monies spent or transacted on will include this fund and this cost center. So we've set up the relate at this point, we've set up the related work tag information. Now there are some additional attributes on the get work tag that I would fill out for restrictions. The first one would be the primary purpose. We'll have this on all gifts and it just drives what that gift can be spent on. In this case, I'm going to go with a general one for general college support or excuse me, and I'm going to go restricted to department programs. So that's, um, this gift can be used on anything within that, that department. So kind of unrestricted to that department. Um, alternate purpose will be blank. Honorarium as well. The next thing we would select is this release level. And this is an attribute we're using to track certain matching type information that we have to report to the state. So in this case, we're going to assume it's not a matching GIF, so it's NA. There's no matching requirement. And this is all the information we would need to select here on the restriction slide. The exception would be if there's a more complex purpose that has been defined by the donor, we would enter this restriction description for the complete restriction that the donor has specified. In this case, we're going to assume it's a more straightforward restriction. So obviously that blank. So at that point, we've added all the attribute and related work information. The last piece that would need to be completed is assigning roles or the gift that we are setting up. Now, at this point in time, responsibility for assigning roles has not been defined. So I, and I don't have the ability to do this, so I'm not going to do it now. But there are two main roles that a department will want to think about. One is the gift administrator, which is a role that's being created and is akin to the current state fund administrator. And this is. basically give that person oversight and review and reporting access over that gift so they can monitor, you know, monies that have been received. They can monitor the current balancing of the fund and they can monitor spend on that, that gift. So that's one of the primary roles. The other is the gift manager, which is akin to a fiscal manager within the department who would actually assign or approve spend on that role. They'll also need to define who will be performing that kind of approval of spending transactions or various financial transactions within that gift. Bulk of these roles will take the fund administrator training that we currently have just to understand how to administer a gift, but that again will be will be revised and rolled out again in line with the go live of Workday to relate the information in that training to Workday, the Workday system. At this point, yeah, the department would specify those and whoever is responsible ultimately for assigning those roles will go in and do that within the Git ID that we're setting up. At this point, I'm going to leave a point because I don't have the access. be that currently. At this point, we've entered all of the Git information. And what we would do is go ahead and hit submit. And this will actually create the new Git that we just created in the system. Now, another functionality that we expect in future state that is still under configuration is to actually send a notification through the system to the gift manager and the gift administrator who have some level of oversight over those gifts. So they know, Hey, the gift you requested has been set up and here is the ID and related information for that gift. This is not yet been configured entirely in the system, but we do expect to have a, an in system notification of that gets creation. when we are ultimately go live with the system. From here, I can go back to the FBM reference report and I'm just going to refresh and we should see that new gift ID at the top of that reference report showing that the gift has been created. I'm going to scorch. I mean again. And that's going to filter out actives. And here we see that Workday training demo endowment that we just set up. So you can now see that that GIP ID has been set up. Now there are two more pieces to the process that, again, are still under configuration, but I do want to just reference them to an aside. There will be an equivalent GIP ID that is set up in the the UFLOR company where the spendable monies can be received and spent on by the university and its colleges and units. We are anticipating creating an in-system integration that automatically sets up that equivalent gift ID in the UFLOR company. It would have all the same information. The only difference is the gift ID would be GF instead of GU, and it would be, have Euclore in the, in the gift name here. So that's, that's another piece. And then because this is an endowment, we would also set up another ID in the sequence for the spendable fund on the endowment. on the foundation side. So those are both things we expect to set up, have set up automatically through a within Workday integration, but that integration is still being configured. So at this point in time, I just wanted to reference that inside. So at this point, the process would be done. We've received the form from the unit to establish the new donor fund. or GIFT in Workday. We went into Workday as the central GIFT manager at the foundation to actually go in and create that GIFT with the various information we need to capture. And we can see that once we have hit submit, that new GIFT has been created. So at this point, our process for the create GIFT event CP would be complete. I don't know what to do at this point, Brady, but basically the end. Perfect. Thank you so much, James. That was great for that business process. That looked stellar, and I will select that recording and distill it and utilize it. Thank you so much. No brief. If you want, we can do the edit gift And create gift hierarchy, uh, processes at this time. But if you'd rather wait, that's okay too. Maybe we do the edit yet. Cause it's basically the same thing. Just, uh, we're editing an existing one. So sure. Okay. Doing that real quick. Okay. It's just the same thing. Just announce the business process and that you're editing a gift and talk through just the way you did. Sounds good. Thank you. Yep. Sorry, I was just thinking about something. Oh yeah, I want to show my phone. Yeah. All right. Can you see this? Okay. Yes, sir. All right. So the next process we want to show is the edit get BP. And this is very similar to the create get BP from beginning to end. The only difference in this instance, we're not establishing a new get ID, we're going to navigate into an existing get ID. And so that we can change any of the information that we had specified when it was initially set up. Oh, as with the create gift BP, the starting point for this would be a UFFA form from the department where they would specify rather than this being a new gift request, this would be a gift change request. So they would fill out this form and specify that information that is changing. A common change for this is if the Workday cost center is changing or that the department is changing their structure. That's something we see frequently with these types of things. So we might have a different department ID up here. But basically, the department would say, we need to update this gift ID because some of the information that was on it initially has changed. So that's what we're going to do today. So the department would fill this information out and send it to the foundation finance and accounting listserv, which is financeandaccounting@ufl.edu, where the finance and accounting team would then pick up. this form and actually go in and edit the GIF that's specified. Again, they would need the the rate of related approvals from within the department based upon foundation policy. So let's go ahead and go in the system and actually show what that business process would look like once this form has been received. And we can build upon the GIF that we just set up for the um, create gift event BP and just show what it would look like to go in and edit that. So here we have that if that was set up as part of the create gift event BP, the Workday demo training endowment. And we can go to this related action, um, this related action button here on that gift. And we can select change. Yeah. Again, this is coming from the FDM reference report for GIFs, which the central GIF manager will utilize to identify GIFs as we are creating and adding them through the BP. So I'm going to go ahead and select this GIF and hit change. And that will bring us directly to the GIF that we want to update. So you can see this GIF already exists with all the the gift name, the gift ID, all the attribute information that we had set up, any restriction, et cetera. So in this case, let's just assume that the department that the gift resides in is being moved. Maybe they restructured the college a little bit and are updating their cost centers in Workday or something of that nature, and they need to update the gift accordingly so that it can be spent properly and by the proper people. So that's all we're going to go in and update at this point in time. Now, we could update any of this information in here if the circumstance is called for. But I'm going to go with the call center because it's one of the more common ones that we see at the foundation. But let's just say instead of being in the meter, in the admin department or call center for the Nita Zucker Center for Early Excellence in Early Childhood Studies. It's going to be in the finance department or finance cost center for that college or that center. So I'm going to go ahead and remove this and I'll go into cost centers by cost center hierarchy, go all cost centers. It's an academic unit, so we'll be with the provost. And we're looking at the College of Education here. It's a center within the College of Education. And we have this Anita Zucker Center for Excellence in Early Childhood Studies. And you can see currently we have the admin selected. Um, because it's an allowed work tag, I actually need to go here first and bring that. Apologies for that. I'll go right back through. And now we can select the individual cost center. Remember before we had admin, I'm just going to say, actually, this belongs in finance, not admin, and select that box here. And I'll do the same thing in the allowed work tags because I'm the foundation company. There's a one-to-one relationship for fund and cost center in the allowed and default work tags. And I'm just not typing it in the time. Enter. And now you can see we have changed the cost center to be finance cost center as opposed to the admin cost center. So at this point, we made the change we wanted to make, and we can go ahead and hit submit. And now that cost center will be updated. I can either navigate it, do it directly here, or it will take me back to that PM reference report. Where I can again show that gift and show that the cost center has now been updated. So active gifts only. And we can see here, the related cost center is now the finance cost under within the Eaton Leaders' Center for Excellence in Early Childhood. So that's just a quick example of how we could edit the get work pay. Now, one thing I do wanna specify here is we are, uh, in the pro in, in the process of Configuring a notification that would go to anyone who has a gift manager or gift administrator role within this gift work tag could give them a notification that the gift work tag under their purview has been edited. This is still a work in progress, so I can't show it at this time, but we do expect that in-system notification to be available at go live. So that's what it would look like to edit the gift work tag. Again, pretty straightforward process, very similar to creating a gift work tag and also very similar to current state. So, um, I hope that was helpful for those of you who will play a part in that process. Thank you, James. That's great. I think we can share videos again. Oh, so James, you wanted to wait a minute to do the create gift hierarchy and edit gift hierarchy. What is the, just so I'm aware, is maintain gift attributes different from edit gift? Yeah, basically that's. where we can go in and it's, this was 100% like core office, although the impact, it would impact departments because there'd be different values available for them to specify when they're filling out that form. But basically it's just us going up in and saying, here are the available list of values on any of those given attributes. So if I wanted to update the list of GIP purposes, You know, because we're adding a new get purpose to make it easier for them to identify and spend or something like that. We could go in and add a new get purpose. So when they go to set it up, that get purpose will be available to select. That's what this process relates to. Now we can do that for any of the get attribute. So I don't know if we want to show just one get attribute, the process is the same for all of them. or any to show, you know, each of them individually. You know, if the process is the same for all of them, I think just pick on one, it wouldn't be just fine. And then just calling that out, like you're going to do this regardless of what process it is. Yeah. Um, would you want to record that today or do you feel like, uh, that could wait too? I'm fine doing it. Uh, Yeah, maybe we just do it real quick. And that way we're probably around 11. So good. Perfect. That is cut off. Perfect. Thanks so much. Let's go ahead and move forward with that. Okay. And I'm still not sharing my screen. No, you need to reshare. There we go. Good deal. So today we are going to show the Maintain Gift AWP for the Gift work tag. And for those of you who have seen the Create Gift event EP, there's a number of attributes that we fill out when we are setting up a Git in Workday. Well, this is the business process to go in and define what list of values are available for each of those attributes to facilitate administration and reporting of our Git. So there are a number of Git attributes. I'm just going to show you the process of maintaining one of them today. But the process of maintaining any gift attributes will mirror this process. The only slight difference will be which attribute you select when you're actually going to maintain it. So at maintain any gift attribute in Workday, you go into the search bar and you select maintain and the gift attribute that you want to maintain. You can see a few of them right here, get purposes, originations. These are both Git attributes. I could search for any of those Git attributes with maintain in the front, and it will take me to the interface where we actually go and set up and define those values. Today, I'm going to do one of the most common ones. We'll go in and maintain Git purposes. And this just takes us to the screen where all of those values are specified. So there's kind of two layers of this. We have git purpose type, which is a summarization of the individual git purposes. And then we have the git purposes themselves. I'm going to go in and actually add a new git purpose in here, utilizing this interface. So in this case, let's just say we're going to create a new general college support gift. You can see our entire list of gifts here. Adding a new value would be as simple as hitting the add button within the gift purpose type, and it will pull up a new blank line. In this case, let's just say we're going to have a new one, ZZZ, and the soup disk with that duplicates. And we'll call it Workday Detain GIP Attribute Demo. And we'll give it the ID of CZZ. So this is all we would need to do if we say we had a new GIP purpose that we wanted departments to be able to utilize when they're setting up their GIP. We would go into the maintain gift purpose and add whatever new value within whatever grouping we needed to make that available. So from here, I would just select OK. And we can now see within the static screen of gift purposes here that in general college support, we have this maintain gift attribute here. Now let's say we wanted to go back in and remove it. I can do the same thing. I'm going to go to maintain get purpose. And I'm going to remove that one we just created because we're saying no, we no longer need that get purpose here. Doing that would be as simple as going back into maintain get purposes and hitting this minus icon next to the get purpose and hitting OK. Now, the one thing this will impact is when we go to do our create gift event GP, and I'm actually going to add this back in there just to illustrate this, is that this value will now be available for selection when we go to set up and create our gift. Go ahead and add that back real quick. And then I'll just show the create GIF. So then CP. And I'm not going to fill out this information entirely. We'll just put some dummy information in there. And foundation. And all I want to show you really here is when I go into. these restrictions now and I try to add that attribute for the primary purpose, we can see that in general college support this maintained get purpose demo value is now available. So that's really what this business process is for is to update the list of available values when we go in to set up and edit our gifts. And again, we can do that for any of the attribute information on the Gift Workday. So if there's something that we don't foresee a go-live or changes post go-live within our Gift attribute, we will have a way to continue to go in and maintain those values to update for future changes in business process. Again, this will be something performed by the central Gift manager at the foundation. And I hope this was helpful to get an idea of what that will look like when we go live with Workday. Thanks. Perfect. Thank you, James. Yep. I think that is good for today. So the only ones we have left are the create gift hierarchy and edit the gift hierarchy. Our next meeting is scheduled for Friday. Do you think we could do something with those. I know that you can do something. It's going to be, subject to change. Basically, we can define the hierarchies as many hierarchies and however we want. Sure. So I can set what, you know, maybe like a very simplistic one like I did with the customer confirmation section up for that. It's just not going to, one, it could change depending on what we think is necessary for reporting and security. Yeah. So I'll have to specify that. And two, I'll just have to set up the structure because right now it's not set up that way. It's basically dependent on other ongoing decisions, which I can specify that as well in the training. That this is hard to find as we define some of those other work pay hierarchies. Sure. that sounds great to me. Thank you so much for your time, guys. We got done an hour earlier, so hopefully that is a little bit of a load off for you. I'm going to go through this recording. I'm going to create transcripts and use all the AI stuff to chop it up into little bits. James, I might have questions and ideas that I'll message you about so far as end user training goes, and we'll touch base on Friday. Sounds good. Thank you so much, guys. Bye everyone. Take care.